Drarry ch.1 holding games

Author: LilMissMandi

*000*2017-10-09 13:17

Chapter 1.

Harry sighed as another fat droplet of rain landed directly on his glasses, blinding him once again on his way to the train station. He reached up wiping his glasses off quickly, wishing he could just cast the spell to make his glasses impervious to the rain. Sadly you had to be 17 years of age to cast magic outside of school and poor harry was just 16. He was however given express permission to use his wand to summon the knight bus to travel to diagon alley the night before that's how he got to kings crossing. His aunt and uncle had flat out refused to take him. So he stayed the night at the leaky cauldron and now he's headed to the train station, head in the clouds lost in thought when realizes his bladder is sending him some kinda strong signals. I better pee as soon as i get on the train he thought not worried about making it there. Living with the dursleys provided plenty of practice and harry even made a game out of it he called it the hold it game.

Harry soon forgot all about his need again, once again troubled by his thoughts of voldemort, his family, and unsure sexuality he didn't know what was right in his world. Soon harry reached the train station which was jam packed with other kids. He got in line for the barrier doing a little wiggling starting to feel desperate again. The line felt like it was taking forever harry danced a bit but finally it was his turn. As soon as he walked thru the barrier he heard two cheery voices call out “harry!”.

He silently cursed his luck. He made his way over to his friends “hey guys what's up” he said hermione hugged him tightly causing him much desperation he winced. “how are you harry” she said like a mother hen “i'm good mione lets get on the train” harry said “are you alright mate” ron said harry blushed “ i'm fine!” the trio headed to the train. Harry's bladder was throbbing now but he knew he must not give in yet.they boarded the train and found a compartment and harry was finally able to tear himself away to head toward the bathrooms reaching critical stage he starts to run accidentally plowing right into someone bringing them down right on top of his bladder. 

Oh no! Can't hold it! Harry thought as piss exploded out of his cock spraying his jeans. Embarrassed to be wetting himself in public he looks up into the eyes of who he has knocked on top of him. And he find none other than draco malfoy himself. He blushed and waited for the barrage of insults to come flying out of malfoy's mouth but not a word came out. His eyes just got all shiney and he got up and walked away. Harry quickly changed into his wizard robes and rejoined his friends pondering what the incident meant.

