Your Dreams come True

Author: lightweaver

*000*2020-06-09 12:11

Look at that, I finally managed to write something again...

I know furry is a bit of a niche, so I've tagged it. Content Warning for furry omorashi.

I hope you'll enjoy. Comment welcome

"Just calm down already..." Lilly mumbled to herself.

Despite her words, the mare could feel her tail swishing nervously behind her. She paced slowly up and down the living room of her new home and the still unfamiliar surroundings, combined with the anticipation of what was to come made it impossible to heed her own words.

"You know you want this..." she whispered, as if to reassure herself. It was true. Never in her life had she wanted anything more urgently.

She felt the butterflies in her stomach as she thought back to the first email, sent to an address found on a carelessly discarded business card that promised to "make your dreams come true, no matter what they are - and no questions asked."

She still wasn't entirely sure about going through with it all, but the response she had gotten and the ensuing email conversation had encouraged her enough to get this far. She just had to try it - while the feeling of living in a new city where nobody knew her still prevailed.

Lilly jumped when the door bell's sudden ring brought her back to reality. Taking a deep breath and shaking her mane to calm her nerves, she found the resolve to open.

Outside the door stood a man in a black chauffeur's uniform and cap, a mink with a warm, if mischievous smile.

"Limo for Ms Lilly?" he asked, cocking his head curiously as his gaze met hers.

The mare quickly lowered her eyes, feeling a blush coming on.

"Yes, that's me," she said, and before the situation could get any more awkward or her resolve crumble, she hurried past him and towards the door of the black, expensive limousine that was waiting by the curb-side. The mink quickly followed, and held the car door open for her.

As she sat down, she felt the coolness of the black leather seats through her thin trousers. Even without what she was about to do, the luxury of the vehicle would have been enough to excite her. She couldn't remember ever having sat in such an expensive car.

The mink sat down behind the wheel and adjusted his mirror to look at her.

"All set?" he asked.

"Oh, if you need the bathroom before we the set off, you may want to take care of that now. It's going to be a long drive and traffic this time of day can be treacherous."

"Oh, no, thank you. I'm... I'm fine," Lilly said, feeling her cheeks warm and her ears flick nervously.

With a look that seemed to say "suit yourself," the mink re-adjusted the mirror, released the parking break and gently accelerated down the road, driving away from her house and towards the interstate.

Again Lilly's stomach tingled with nervous excitement as the realisation hit her. She had just lied to the man about her bodily needs; lied on purpose. The mare felt like a school girl worried about smoking behind the bike shed.

The truth of the matter was that Lilly's bladder was full. Very full, in fact; a constant nagging urge brought on by her drinking too much water and her stubborn refusal to use the bathroom all day.

Under normal circumstances she would never have allowed for things to get this bad, let alone get into a car without relieving herself first. But these were not normal circumstances.

"Oh, there's a bottle of water for you in the cup holder," said the mink as he skilfully merged into traffic on the multi-lane highway. "Drink...!"

Somehow it sounded more like an order than an invitation, but Lilly didn't need any encouragement.

Even as she mumbled a "Thank you..." she was already unscrewing the cap.

It was a small bottle, only 8 ounces, but it gave her nervous fingers something to occupy themselves.

The water was ice cold, soothing, as it ran down her throat. It had the slightest hint of bitterness to it, not unpleasant, yet unexpected.

Lilly paused. Could it be...? Her heart skipped a beat as her racing mind realised there could be only one explanation for the taste. If she finished the bottle, the diuretic it was laced with was going to send her already urgent need to urinate to levels even she had never had to endure.

After a split-second hesitation, the young mare greedily gulped down every last drop from the plastic bottle, hardly stopping to breathe until the last drop had drained down her throad.

"You must've been thirsty, miss," commented the mink without turning his head.

The shadows of the buildings outside slowly grew longer as they left the suburbs behind. Looking out the window, Lilly was searching for something to occupy her mind, but no matter how much she tried to focus on the neon signs on top of the Furance Entertainment building or the lavish roof garden of Furst National Bank headquarters, her thoughts were quickly drawn back to the burning need to empty her bladder.

She wasn't sure whether it was just her nerves or whether the diuretic in her system was already forcing her kidneys to pump more and more water into her straining reservoir, but in either case, there was no denying that she was getting desperate - truly desperate - to pee.

She was so focused on her own body that she didn't even notice at first how the cars around them started slowing down. Only when the limo suddenly came to a complete stop, sending a little jolt through her bladder, did she realise that they were now irrevocably stuck in rush hour traffic.

Lilly started to sweat, her short fur quickly becoming cold and clammy. She was in trouble.

She couldn't possibly admit to the mink that she needed him to stop somewhere for a bathroom break - not after she had so blatantly ignored his warning just a little while earlier.

Even if she did, the reality was that there was nothing even he could have done as long as they were moving an inch at a time, bumper to bumper.

She bit her lip nervously, rubbing up and down one arm with her opposite hand. Her bladder was now so full that the urge to thrust her fingers between her legs to physically push against her opening was almost overwhelming.

"Everything all right, miss?" asked the mink, his eyes seeking hers by way of the rear view mirror. "You seem awfully nervous. Anything I can do?"

"N-no!" Lilly said almost instinctively. But there was something about the man's voice that made her reconsider. He had a calm kindness to him that just made her want to open up.

"Well... if you must know... I... kinda need to go to the bathroom. Urgently..." she finally managed, almost fainting with the shame of it all.

"Ah, I thought as much," the mink responded. There was no anger in his voice, no sense of 'told you so'. Only warmth and kindness.

"I'm truly sorry, miss. I'm afraid this traffic is going to keep us here a while. Do you think you can hold on?"

"S-sure... of course," Lilly said, a nervous nicker escaping her throat. She had tried to sound confident, but her own doubts in the matter were impossible to conceal.

Her bladder was burning now, stretched to its very limits. If she was at home, if she was doing this on her own terms, about now was the time she would normally give in. A few times she had peed into a measuring jug while in this state and found herself holding 50 ounces.

But this time, she was not at home, these were no longer her terms. She was stuck in a car with a stranger, in the middle of one of the traffic jams this city was justly famous for, and with her kidneys kicked into overdrive by the concoction she had so eagerly consumed, 50 ounces would only be the beginning. Lilly had never been so turned on in her life.

"Uhm, miss..." the mink suddenly said, clearing his throat. "I don't mean to be rude, but it's sorta obvious. If you need to, you know... hold yourself or something... that's okay. I've seen it before."

For a moment Lilly didn't quite understand, but when she did, her eyes grew wide. Almost before she realised it, her body had already taken over and she found herself thrusting her hand deep between her clenched thighs, fingers urgently seeking that quivering opening between her nether lips that was so admirably trying to keep her underwear dry.

She could not suppress a gargled whinny as the temporary relief of holding herself hit her. Through the thin material of her light summer trousers and her panties, she could feel the heat of her arousal, the bud of her clitoris pressing against her fingers.

"I have to pee... so... bad," Lilly whispered to herself, but with the car at a standstill, the mink heard every word.

"That's sorta obvious, if you don't mind me sayin'. You must be absolutely bursting, miss."

When he said 'bursting', Lilly's breath went ragged. Her thoughts had drifted for just a moment as she imagined the immense relief she'd feel if she could piss right now, but it had been enough to enrage her abused bladder.

She felt it contracting hard, trying to rid itself of its charge, almost overpowering her sphincter as it valiantly fought back.

Before she knew it, Lilly was bouncing up and down in her seat, both hands pressed between her thighs. "Please...! Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go... Please! Bathroom...! I need...! I need!"

She would have been mortified to beg for relief like this if her mind hadn't been so clouded with the very need that brought on the begging.

"I know, miss. I know you do. Unfortunately we're still stuck. You'll just have to hold it until we get to the nearest gas station."

She knew the mink was trying to encourage her, but her frantic need to piss was almost impossible to control. To her horror, she suddenly felt her fingers grow hot and damp. For about a second, her overwhelmed sphincter buckled, pent-up piss spurting into her underwear.

Lilly's heart was racing as she regained control. Never before had she so much as dribbled into her panties without consciously relaxing and willing it to happen.

Her nostrils flared as they caught the scent of her own piss. And she was not alone.

"You're... almost having an accident there, aren't you...?" the mink asked, sniffing curiously. "Try not to get the seats wet, please?"

Clenching her teeth and tensing every muscle in her body, Lilly grunted in agreement. She was the master of her own bladder. She was not going to helplessly piss herself like a young foal in front of this stranger.

With sheer stubborn-mindedness, she slowly fought back the urge to let go, forced her sphincter to re-tighten its hold, her bladder to accept its place and continue to suffer the onslaught of liquids being dumped into it by her frenzied kidneys.

But she knew her willpower could only do so much.

"Please... you've got to do something. I need the toilet! It's never been this bad. Please, I beg you. Find me a bathroom? I'll do anything!"

Lilly was openly pleading now, hands still rubbing her nethers. She didn't care what the mink saw or heard, as long as she got to piss somewhere - anywhere.

"Anywhere..." Lilly thought. Her eyes bulged with the sudden realisation. In a heartbeat she was a blur of frantic activity, trembling fingers reaching for the empty plastic bottle, dropping it, finding it again, all while her other hand fumbled with the button and zipper of her trousers.

"I'm so sorry... so sorry," she whinnied all at the same time.

The sense of impending relief was too much for her tortured sphincter to bear. Before she even managed to undo the zipper, she was pissing, hard, and right into her panties. The muffled hiss of her accident was ringing in her ears as she tore her trousers and her underwear down to her ankles, her stream hitting leather and the silken hair of her tail before she could manoeuvre the small bottle between her burning folds.

Lilly felt herself crying hot tears of relief as she pissed into the bottle. She had never felt anything like this - never needed anything as badly as she needed to do what she was doing right now.

But before the realisation of what she was doing - openly pissing in front of this stranger - could even sink in, the bottle was full. It overflowed over her fingers and her tucked-in tail as her bladder continued dumping liquid into a container that could hold no more.

She heard herself scream in anguish as she tried to clamp off the flow. She found that she had no strength left. Her body would not obey.

More and more of her piss flooded over her fingers, the now useless bottle only serving to distribute it over her tail and the seat beneath her. She needed to stop! She needed to hold herself, otherwise she'd never manage.

But her instincts betrayed her. With both hands suddenly pressing down hard between her folds, she realised too late that nothing was now holding the bottle in place. With a splash it fell, emptying its hot, wet contents into the footwell of the car.

"Nononono...! Noo...!" she whimpered, torn between stopping her accident in progress and catching the bottle.

Finally, she relented. The damage was done. Eyes firmly pressed shut and cheeks burning red, she slumped down in her seat, her bottom landing on her drenched tail in a puddle of her own making. Hot piss was pouring from between her folds, arching from the pressure and splattering against the back of the seat in front of her.

All that mattered right now was the relief she was feeling, her wet fingers massaging her lower abdomen as her bladder slowly deflated. Still she was pissing hard, little droplets splashing back against her knees. Lilly would never have thought she could hold so much pee.

"Ooh gooood..." she moaned, completely giving in to the relief washing over her and making her spine tingle.

She wasn't even done, although the footwell was already almost an inch under water. She had certainly broken her 50 ounce record, although she would never know by how much.

Eventually, though, even her stream came to an end and as it did, reality slowly returned to the forefront of her mind.

"Uhm... I..." she began, but then fell silent. What could she possibly say after what she had just done?

"I'm so, so sorry... I don't even..." she attempted regardless, but the mink quickly interjected.

"Don't even worry about it, miss. You obviously didn't have a chance there. I've never seen anyone hold this much."

For the first time, he turned around in his seat, smiling a warm, toothy smile.

"If you need some help relaxing after that ordeal, miss, you can find some tools in the compartment behind the arm rest," he said.

Lilly opened her eyes just in time to catch his gaze, looking back quizzically, only to be rewarded with the slightest of winks.

She opened up the lid of the compartment next to her and one hand flew to her muzzle. "Oh... oh, my..."

Inside, each one neatly sitting in its own moulded slot, she saw a whole collection of vibrators in all shapes and sizes.

"Oh, I... I couldn't possibly," she stammered, but again the mink's smile cut her off.

"Miss, you just helplessly pissed yourself all over the back seat of my car. I don't think there's anything you need to be afraid of. Go ahead, you know you want to."

The smooth silicone material of the toy felt good between her fingers as she inspected it. He was right. What did she have to lose? Besides, hearing him say those words made her whole body burn with desire. She wanted more, needed more. Needed to relive the experience now that her mind was no longer clouded with desperation.

"I... I couldn't hold it..." she said slowly as the toy began to buzz. Eyes closed, she guided it between her folds, unable to suppress a grunt as its vibrations engulfed her body.

"No, you couldn't," said the mink. He understood what she wanted, what role she needed him to play.

"I saw you trembling and bouncing back there. You must have been absolutely dying to go to the toilet."

His voice was quiet, smooth and warm as he spoke, allowing her to re-live through his eyes what had happened just minutes ago.

"My bladder was so full..." she whispered. "It hurt... so good..."

"I can imagine. There was never a chance you'd make it. I could tell exactly when you first started to pee into your underwear."

"N-never happened before...!" she whimpered, now thrusting herself frantically with the vibrating toy.

"Never, huh...?" said the mink. "Well, at that point I knew you'd try to piss into the bottle. It was either that or full on wetting yourself, wasn't it? You were only moments away, weren't you?"

"Yes...! YES...! YEEESS! I'm gonna.... ..."

Lilly was grunting, thrusting, fucking herself with the toy.

"There was never a chance you'd be able to stop, you know? I've seen it before. The moment I saw how thick your stream was, I knew you'd overflow the bottle and absolutely flood the place with your piss. You're..."

"...CUMMING...!" Lilly yelled from the top of her voice, thrusting the toy deeply into her needy body as she felt her insides flutter and clench around its length. Then the contractions of her climax really began, leaving the mare whimpering and moaning like a crazed feral as long, sharp, glistening spurts of liquid burst past the toy and splattering against the seat in front.

For a moment everything was quiet, except for her frantic breathing.

"I'm... so sorry about the seat..." she heard herself say after a moment, immediately starting to giggle at the sheer pointlessness of her own statement.

"Oh, no need to worry, miss. It's all part of the service. Just please recommend us to your friends," the driver said.

Just then the cars in front of them began moving and the engine awoke with a low rumble.

"What great timing. We'll have you back home in no time, miss."

