Full bladder Meeting

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2018-10-16 15:36

Note: the desperation scene is at the end.

Today was an important day for Leo's startup company. After completing his Master's degree in computer programming, Leo and several of his equally talented friends formed a start up company, called Profit Analytics. The beginning months saw them working out of Leo's living room. It started as idea with great potential. The idea was to create a predictive data algorhithn that could predict the supply and demand for a product, and thus aid in profit optimization. Such an algorhithm had so much potential for a simple reason. It was applicable to any product on the economic market.

Their first client had been a farming supplies manufacturer. Profit Analytics helped optimized production to the client's needs, and rhe business flourished. After several more successful contracts, business became steady.

Leo was modestly proud of the success of his company, but he wanted to go big. And now was his chance, the opportunity to sign an immensely important contract.

Leo and his colleagues were having a meeting with representatives from the city hall, from the department of public transportation. As the city grew and developed, it became necessary to plan new bus routes. City hall wanted to hire Profit Analytics to best plan public transportation routes based on population demographics. This business opportunity was profitable bith in terms of money, but more importantly, reputation. If this worked out, Leo thought, the firm would have no shortage of clients.

Leo was at his sharpest, formulating a business plan with his clients. There was coffee at the meeting, which he absently sipped to help him focus. He was on his third cup. He was so focused, however, that he did not notice his increasingly urgent need to pee. He had been so completely absorbed in his work all morning, drinking cup after cup of coffee, that he had neglected to stop by the restroom before the lunch time meeting.

The meeting had been going for two hours already, and there was still plenty to discuss. As he finished his cup of coffee, Leo became aware that he had to pee. He was surprised that he suddenly had to go that bad. But he wasn't worried, he had to focus on the task at hand. This is what he had been working for.

Another half hour passed. Leo was answering questions about the project proposals. The meeting was going very well. Leo's bladder, however, was in a desperate state. He hadn't gone for a pee since he woke up that morning. He overdid it a bit on the coffee as well. About a jugfull of black coffee was stretching his bladder. He didn't want to think about it...

Ignoring his desperate need for the toilet was very difficult now. Leo crossed his legs, and was taking shallow, careful breaths. The waistband of his black jeans dug into the pee-filled bulge in his lower abdomen. He had to pee very desperately. It took all of his willpower to sit still. He wasn't worried because the meeting was almost over. Soon, he would have the chance to relieve his bladder

After the next 20 minutes, Leo was in a bad way. He was going out of his mind needing to pee. His bladder ached, and his desperate penis was slightly hard from needing to pee so bad.

When the meeting ended, Leo tried to quickly make his way to the toilet. But he was held up by his new business partner, who was making meaningless small talk. Leo responded distractedly, trying to politely end the conversation.

When he managed to make his way to the bathroom, he found it locked. That absolutely frustrated him. Leo wanted to pee so very badly. He shifted on his feet and crossed his legs. He was barely holding in his pee. The office had only a single stall toilet. The person inside was taking his time. Leo could not stand there and wait any longer.

Luckily, he lived a shirt drive away. He quickly got to his car, got in, and drove home. Leo held the wheel in one hand. He had resorted to holding his crotch to keep his pee in. Early afternoon traffic wasn't too bad, so he made it in under 10 minutes.

He opened the garage, and parked inside. He hurried into the house, and to the bathroom. He didn't even bother to raise the seat, or close the door. There was no time. He fumbled with the buttons on his boxers, then pulled them down, freeing a desperate bursting pee stream. It took Leo a long time to empty his bladder. The relief was immense.

