First Time Holding

Author: Lapis Lazuli

*000*2022-09-07 05:13

AMSGVBHJXBHCXBJH remember the last time I posted a fic here? NOT MEEEEEE

I'm probably going to write more with these two, but I don't have a good idea for what to do next time right now. I'll have to think on it. Until then, enjoy the gaybies (gay babies)

I changed the character's names last-minute, so if something from the original names bleeds through then that's my fault LMAO. also, if you want to skip the sex, stop reading when Lucille and Alex re-enter the bathroom. There will be a little bit more pee at the very end, so feel free to skip to the end.

***

Even as a wave of tension washes up Lucille’s body, she can’t help but enjoy the feeling of languidly resting her head on Alex’s left thigh. Try as she might, Lucille can’t focus on the pair’s TV show at all, a silly cartoon movie about trying to keep the aliens from destroying the power of love or something. The kind of show Lucille would normally love, completely interrupted by an intense nagging need she’s incapable of meeting.

The two of them had recently gotten back from a date at the park, where they sat and shared a kiss under the setting sun. Lucille had surprised her partner Alex with a lovely home-cooked picnic dinner, including handmade turkey sandwiches and juicy oranges. Lucille ended up drinking a lot of water during the trip, though, partially at Alex’s insistence because they had walked all the way there in relatively warm weather, and needed to walk home after. Lucille definitely got more than a little pent-up over that time, with no failure to notice from Alex.

Having rested their hand across their girlfriend’s tension-filled waist as they walked, Alex looks over at Lucille with a look of love and slight concern. “Are you ok, charm?” they ask, their voice quiet and gentle.

“Yeah, I’m fine.” Lucille looks up at Alex, her cheeks lightly flushed. “I just really have to pee? I probably should have gone when I left… nothing to worry about.”

“Ahhh, I understand.” Alex reaches down to kiss Lucille on the cheek, briefly looking to each side to make sure nobody’s around that could listen in on their conversation. The sidewalk is pretty empty, thankfully. “Well, you’re a good little princess, you can hold it, right?”

The use of the word “princess” makes Lucille’s heart skip a beat. “Mm… but I have to go really badly,” she pleads, looking up at Alex with her beautiful brown eyes. “Do I really have to hold it?”

“Yes, you do,” Alex coos at Lucille. “You wanted to watch Lovely Heart Starry Knights when we got home, right? You wouldn’t want to miss any of it, would you?”

“Ahhhh, no…” Lucille admits. “But why can’t I… uhm…” She looks over at Alex, blushing as she gazes into their eyes. Lucille loves the way Alex looks at her like that, the way they find her absolutely gorgeous. “N- never mind… I’ll hold it all in.”

“Good girl.” Alex reaches down to kiss Lucille on the cheek. “You know I love you, Lucille my lovely little charm?”

“I… yes, I do…”

Together like that, the two of them traveled back to Alex’s place, a small townhouse/apartment fusion of sorts. It’s quiet and somewhat secluded, a perfect place to lazily cuddle after a date. Alex had turned on the movie while sitting down on the couch, while Lucille had sat down on the floor next to them, reaching an arm up and over Alex’s slim, slightly bony leg to drape herself over them. Her other hand reaches down between her legs, gently cradling her full bladder out of instinct, as her eyes are drawn mournfully towards the door to a bathroom she’s not allowed to use. The sensation is pervasive, overwhelming, but… not unpleasant.

Suddenly, Lucille feels a hand travel over to the back of her head, gently rubbing and scratching her scalp, running fingers through her frizzy hair. Alex gives their girlfriend gentle pets, giggling as she blushes and leans her head into their touches. “Are you okay, love?” They ask. “Can I get a stoplight?”

“Green.” Lucille immediately answers as she begins to climb up onto the couch, wrapping her arms around Alex’s waist and nestling in close enough to smell them. Their hair has a lovely smoky hint that she can’t get enough of, the way it reminds her of their silliness, their intelligence, the way they make Lucille feel so spoiled. “I really love you…”

“I love you too, charm.” Alex can smell Lucille’s hair, too; it’s sweet, and reminds them of times listening to her ramble on about things she really cares about, and the way her eyes light up when she gets really passionate about something. It makes them blush slightly… The feeling of Lucille’s buxom chest pressing against their arm makes Alex blush a little more than slightly. They feel so lucky to have a big titty nerd gf. “Are you enjoying the movie?”

“I am… but I can hardly focus on it.” Lucille shoves her left hand deeper between her thighs, bouncing exaggeratedly to convey her need. Alex can’t help but look lustfully at the way Lucille’s thick thighs curve and smush around her wrist, accentuated by her form-fitting dress pants. “Please, Alex, can I go pee? I really, really have to go,” Lucille pleads, looking up at Alex with her big, glistening eyes, begging even as she already knows the answer.

“No, charm, you can’t.” Alex rests a hand gently on Lucille’s chubby cheek. “You’re a big princess, okay? Princesses can hold their pee even when it gets really hard.”

“Y-You’re only saying that because you like seeing me like this!” Lucille protests, her voice turning a little uppity. “I bet if you could make me hold my pee for the rest of my life, you would.”

“Maybe,” Alex admits, giggling a little. “But I know you like it when I call you a good little princess.” Opening her mouth in reply, Lucille tries to rebut Alex, but closes it soon after, averting her eyes to avoid feeling so flustered. In reply, Alex turns Lucille’s head with their hands, forcing her to look them in the eyes; her cheeks grow a darker shade of red as she’s forced to look. “Besides, I wonder if you like being like this, too? I wonder if you like being a pretty princess who loves to hold in aaaaall of her pee.”

Alex can tell just by looking into Lucille’s eyes that she’s absolutely devastated inside; indeed, Lucille’s heart is fluttering like a butterfly, and she’s audibly stammering trying to reply. “I- I- uh-” She squirms a little when her full bladder reminds her of her needs, pressing her thighs tightly together for a moment. “C- Can we just kiss already???”

Still holding onto Lucille’s cheeks, Alex brings her face close to theirs. “Of course, charm,” they say, right as they slowly push their lips forward to meet hers. Lucille closes her eyes tight as she does her best to hold onto her bladder even as Alex brings her forward, humming into Alex’s lovely lips. With their one free hand, Lucille slips her fingers under the hem of Alex’s tank top, slowly pulling it up and over their body; They briefly pull away long enough for Lucille to pull it off of their head, revealing a chest that had been ever-so-slightly grown by Alex’s microdoses of estradiol.

As soon as Alex’s top is lifted off of their body, they reach forward with both hands towards the button at the top of Lucille’s blouse, undoing each of her buttons neatly in turn and watching as the blouse parts to reveal her sports bra underneath. Lucille shrugs her blouse off as all of the buttons become undone; it falls into a puddle at her hips, which is soon lifted away and tossed onto the floor. Soon after, Alex’s hands reach forward again, undoing the front-clasp of Lucille’s sports bra. Her ample chest pops out, easily catching Alex’s lustful eye.

Lucille averts her eyes again, turning to face a little closer towards Alex. She can’t turn much farther without spreading her legs, which is not an option right now, but Alex helps her bring herself to lean forward on them. Supporting their girlfriend with one hand by holding onto the bottom of her back, Alex runs the other across Lucille’s chest as the two of them feverishly make out again, soon running down to Lucille’s soft sides to gently massage them, feeling the tension deep within Lucille’s muscles, the way she’s blocked from relaxing into Alex’s body by an ocean of pee begging to be released.

Twelve or so seconds pass before Alex pulls their lips away, resting their forehead on Lucille’s and looking into her eyes. The orange light of the setting sun reflects off of Lucille’s eyes, casting their gorgeous brown color with a bit of a golden hue. The two are silent and at peace, each one simply staring into the other, Alex raising another hand to lay a finger on Lucille’s cheek. They can hear each other breathing, smell each other's hair.

All of a sudden, Alex pulls away for a moment. “Excuse me, I’m sorry to interrupt, I just need to use the bathroom real quick.” They hop off of the couch and make a beeline for the bathroom, the same one Lucille passed by on the way to the couch.

Lucille stands up in a hurry, clearly upset with this development. “H-hey-” She complains, stopped briefly by her full bladder sending a wave of tension up her body. “I- How come you’re allowed to pee??”

“Simple, charm. Princesses hold in their pee, they don’t need toilets.” Alex lets Lucille follow behind as they walk into the bathroom and stand in front of the toilet, looking back and smirking at the way that Lucille grimaces with frustration. “I’m not a princess, though.”

A sound rings out through the building, the sound of a stream loudly hitting the surface of the water in a toilet bowl, amplified by the toilet’s reflective ceramic walls and cup shape. The cacophony is torture to Lucille, who hums and holds herself tightly, stepping back and forth with each knee slowly bobbing up and down. “Alex, you’re so- Ugh!” She briefly crosses her legs, right leg swinging around the left, before uncrossing them to rub her thighs tightly together and bounce up and down. Everything is visible to Alex in the mirror.

Even as her bladder sends torrents of neurotransmitters and electric signals up her nerves, screaming about how overwhelmingly full it is, Lucille can’t help but look forward towards her datefriend and blush deeply as she thinks about what they’re doing. As hard as it is to walk with a hand cradling her bladder, Lucille manages to stumble over and press up against Alex’s back, doing her best to tear her left hand out from between her legs to wrap both arms around Alex’s waist.

Bouncing up and down behind Alex, Lucille breathes heavily and lustfully as she trails her hands down Alex’s body, causing them to gasp in shock. “Charmmm, stop it, I’ll make a mess-” Lucille refuses to listen, running a hand further down to take Alex’s hands in her own. Before long, Lucille’s grasped onto her datefriend’s penis, feeling their warm pee flow through it.

However, Lucille breaks Alex’s expectations by slowing down from there, simply laying small kisses on the back of Alex’s neck as she aims for them. Alex can tell Lucille’s not experienced with aiming on account of not having a penis of her own, as she fails to take into account that she’s doing a very good job at stimulating Alex, not to mention her tense, shuddery body struggles to keep Alex’s penis steady. Before long, though, Alex’s stream peters to a stop, with only a little bit having splashed on the seat.

Alex readjusts their skirt to cover themselves back up, turning around to rest in Lucille’s arms. Lucille gasps at the way they fall into her body, briefly struggling to hold their weight. They walk out of the bathroom together, Lucille struggling to hold Alex steady and maintain her overfull bladder at the same time; eventually, Alex takes over, holding Lucille steady. The two of them walk back to the living room, bathing in the romantic atmosphere cast by the sun.

By the time the two of them arrive, it’s clear to Alex that Lucille’s reached the absolute peak of her desperation. Both hands are constantly buried into her crotch as she rubs her thighs together tightly, knees knocking against each other as they bend back and forth. Lucille’s expression reflects the urgency of her need; the girl has gotten teary-eyed, a wavery hum softly sounding from her nose as a tear escapes her eye and rolls gently down her cheek. Alex only stands in shock, enamored by the beauty of their girlfriend and the extent of their need.

“A- Alex, I-” Lucille forces out, looking up at Alex as if begging. “I… I don’t know how much longer I can hold it-” Her words are interrupted by the occasional hum and sob breaking through, making it hard to interpret her words. “It’s only been an hour and I’m already about to, to… I’m sorry, Alex-”

“Hey, shhh, shh shh.” Alex can tell that Lucille’s tears are from more than just the overwhelming pressure between her legs; there’s an emotional hint to them. They walk around Lucille to give her a hug from behind, pressing a kiss to the back of her neck. “It’s okay, charm, I… I guess I should ask for a stoplight, huh?”

“Y- yellow.” Lucille chokes out. “It’s just…” She tries to slow down a little, control her breathing, think through her emotions. “I was just worried that I wouldn’t be able to… I guess… I really love the way you talk to me like this, and I know how much you love this too. I really don’t wanna disappoint you…”

“Huh? Disappoint you? Lucille, you’re…” Alex walks around to face Lucille from the front, putting a hand under her chin to raise her eyes up to meet their own. Lucille resists, though, keeping her eyes shut. “Look at me, charm.” Obeying the gentle but firm command, Lucille opens her eyes to look into Alex’s, as hard as it is.

“You’ve never disappointed me, Lucille. You’re beautiful, intelligent, powerful… I know I’ve told you I like seeing people hold their pee for hours at a time, but everything I love about you is so much more powerful than that.”

“Ahhh… I’m sorry…”

“Don’t say sorry, charm. I love you so much.” Alex reaches down to give Lucille a big kiss on the lips. “Besides, do you have any idea how hot you’re being right now? The most beautiful girl in the world, letting her bladder fill to its absolute brim for me. I feel so incredibly lucky right now.”

“Mmm.” Lucille averts her eyes again, blushing. “I’m the most beautiful girl in… Mmn-” Suddenly, Lucille pushes as hard as she can, freezing in position and clenching her tired muscles as hard as she can. “A-Alex, I just peed a little-” she says, immediately going right back to fidgeting.

“Oh?” Alex blushes curiously, a smirk forming on their face. They walk around behind Lucille again and squat down to look closely at the seat of her dress pants; they can see a wet patch, flowing along the curves of her ass and thighs. It’s probably about the size of a softball. “My, what a naughty princess you’ve been, Lucille.” They stand up, wrapping their arms around Lucille from behind and spooning her from a standing position. “You’ve not been doing a good job at controlling yourself, have you charm?”

“N- no… I havent… I’m a bad princess, I’m really sorry…” Lucille is audibly panting, her pelvic floor muscles about ready to give out. “Please, please let me go pee, I… I don’t wanna have an accident-”

“You know, why do we call it an accident anyway?” Alex brings their lips close to Lucille’s ear, their voice growing quiet and whispery to avoid overwhelming her. “But that doesn’t matter. You’ve been a lovely princess, holding in all her pee as long as she can. I know you loved it, too. Doesn’t the pressure feel good?”

“It- it does…” Lucille nods her head. It’s… Intense, nagging, but not painful. It’s almost gentle, pleasant. She loves it. “It feels so good.”

“Well, you’ve worked very hard, Lucille. You keep fighting until the bitter end.” Alex trails their hands slowly across Lucille’s tummy, one stopping at the front of her hips. The other runs a finger across her butt, slipping under to gently touch the spot between her legs, pushing Lucille’s forceful hand out of the way. They take a brief moment to feel around. “I think you’ve earned it after all this time.”

Feeling a finger pressing on her vulva through her pants, Lucille blushes deeply as a soft hum rings through her nose. She balls her fists in front of her, relying only on her pelvic floor to hold it all in. “St-stoooop, Alex, I… I’m gonna pee.” She tries to squirm, but bound by Alex’s arms it’s not easy.

Alex’s finger begins to softly rub, a gentle pressure applied to Lucille’s tired pussy. They don’t feel any additional fabric under the dress pants… “Ooh, no panties, huh?” They push further up and up, eventually reaching Lucille’s clitoris and focusing on that spot, reveling in the way that Lucille shudders under their touch. “I thought that was what you wanted, charm?” Alex whispers before pressing a long kiss to her neck. “It’s what you’ve been begging for, what you deserve.”

“Uhhhn… Yes, it is…” Lucille’s voice is breathy, lustful. “I want it so badly…”

“Well, it’s your lucky day, because it’s what I’m going to give you, little princess. Just relax and imagine warm ocean waves for me, okay?”

Suddenly, Lucille feels Alex’s left hand press down on the bottom of her tummy, right against her bladder. She cries out at the intense pressure inside her, hammering against her pelvic floor muscles, doing her absolute best to hold the flood back; yet, Alex’s touches send relaxing waves up her body, making it even harder to hold on.

All Lucille wants to do is relax, give into the pressure and ride the waves. Before long, she can’t hold herself back from doing so; in that moment, the dam finally shatters.

The feeling of a hot stream bursting out from Lucille’s vulva fills her with ecstasy; she can feel the pressure inside her bladder push out at an amazing rate, resulting in an intense feeling of relief. The hot pee runs and drips between Alex’s fingers, running down her thick thighs and through the fabric of her dress pants. The feeling is so intense it makes Lucille moan, a quiet shuddery moan of deep, visceral pleasure.

Alex smiles, briefly taking a moment to suck on the top of Lucille’s shoulder and leave a small kiss. “Gooooood girl,” they whisper, pulling their hand away from Lucille’s tummy to let her continue on her own; it will take quite a while for her bladder to empty, and continuing to squeeze it will just hurt. “Doesn’t it feel good? It’s what you deserve, princess. You’ve held it all in so long… worked so hard, been so good for me…”

Lucille’s head falls to the side to nestle into Alex’s, face red as a beet. “Ahhhhnnnn… it doooooooeees…” Her fists unball themselves, palms resting gently against her thighs and feeling the warm liquid run under her fingers. The feeling is so intense, it nearly makes her fall over, Alex having to grasp firmly onto her chest to keep her steady.

As Alex places their hand over Lucille’s chest, they can feel it softly rising and falling, her heart pounding from excitement. Without thinking, the hand travels further up her chest to gently hold onto her bosom, the other still sitting between her legs and gently stroking her tired, pouring pussy. The liquid adds a bit of smoothness, making it easy to press on Lucille’s body without worrying about scratching her or making her chafe.

“Oh my gosh, charm, look at how much you’re pouring out… You must have really been holding in a lot, huh? It must feel so satisfying.” Reaching down to press their lips to the side of Lucille’s neck, Alex begins to suck and softly bite on her skin, letting her rest for the next half-minute while they leave their mark of love, continuing to stroke Lucille while letting her rest.

By the time Alex pulls their lips away, Lucille’s about done peeing; after one last bit of flow, the stream peters to a stop, continuing to dribble for a few more seconds. “Do you feel better, love?” Alex asks with a loving tone, speaking softly into their girlfriend’s ear.

“Nnnnmmm. Yeah. I feel so… empty. Almost airy.” Lucille admits, softly breathing their words out. “I, uh,” she says, opening her eyes to look over towards Alex; she can see their gentle expression out of the corner of her eye. “I came, too…” she whispers, blushing deeply as she speaks.

Wanting to look their girlfriend in the eyes, Alex walks around Lucille to look at her from in front, each hand trailing up to her hips. Lucille begins to sway her hips from side to side, an instinctive movement triggered by Alex’s hand placement. “Mmmmm,” Alex hums. “You’re a naughty little princess; you loved the way I touched you, didn’t you? You deserve it, though, and you still deserve more.”

“Ahhhhh, Are we-” Lucille asks, beginning to stammer. She averts her eyes, trying to look down and away from Alex’s loving gaze; in doing so, she catches a glimpse of the state she rendered her pants in, instinctively stepping back to examine the damage. The insides of her thighs are completely soaked, her pants saturated all the way down to her feet. “Oh, god, I made such a big mess… I even got your skirt wet!”

“You see all that? That was all inside you, charm. You held so much in.” Alex reaches forward to give Lucille a soft smooch on the lips. “Let’s go get you cleaned up, love,” they say as they begin to lead Lucille over to the bathroom with a hand in her back pocket, the same one where Alex had previously tormented Lucille by letting her watch them pee.

When Lucille catches a glimpse of herself in the mirror, she gets a much better look of her pee-soaked pants; the inner half of her big thighs are completely saturated, the wet fabric sticking to her skin. She twirls around to inspect the damage from the back; the backs of her thighs are even more soaked, the wet patch having extended nearly across the entire back half. “Mmm, kinda makes my ass look nice,” Lucille comments with a giggle, sticking her butt out towards Alex. “Doesn’t it? Like, the way it seems to curve around the bottom?”

When Lucille spins back around to face Alex, she isn’t expecting them to suddenly reach forward and start to kiss her feverishly. The smooch catches her off guard and makes her jump, but she easily leans forward into it, placing her hands around Alex’s skinny, smooth waist. She can feel that they’re still quite excited, so to say, their penis beginning to make itself obvious. Her hand, clearly being directed by her ovaries rather than her brain, trails down Alex’s body and slides under the hem of their skirt. “H- Hey, not so fast, charm…” Alex protests. “We should really get cleaned up first… Remember the last time we tried shower sex?”

“Oh, uh, yeah…” Lucille recalls the event. It wasn’t as hot in real life as they thought it would be. “Ahhh, you’re right… It would probably be hotter when we’re clean, anyway. I’m sorry, you’re just…” Letting her head fall onto the top of Alex’s chest, Lucille sighs lustfully. “You’re just… so goddamn hot.”

“Oh, believe me, princess, you have no idea how badly I want to fuck you right now.” Alex admits, chuckling along as they reach a hand up to lift away Lucille’s coke-bottle glasses, setting them gently on the counter. They can’t help but giggle a little at how it takes Lucille’s eyes a moment to adjust. “But it’s more fun if we draw it out. I can bring us a little closer, though.” As Alex speaks, looking directly into Lucille’s eyes, they trail their hands down Lucille’s sides, squatting down to undo the button on the front of their saturated pants.

When Alex pulls down their girlfriend’s pants all the way, they look up at their now-naked girlfriend. Lucille had demurely covered herself, nervous about showing her body even to someone like Alex. “You don’t have to hide yourself, love,” they say, standing up to meet her eye-to-eye again.

“I-I know, but…” Lucille begins to return the favor, slipping her thumbs under the waistband of Alex’s skirt and boxers. “God, I don’t even know… hold on just a moment.” Squatting down to help her reach all the way down Alex’s lanky legs, Lucille pulls the skirt down, getting startled when Alex’s still-hard penis pops out. “Jeez, you’re excited huh?”

“Maybe I am, love. Maybe I am.” Alex steps out of the puddle of clothes left at their feet, pulling out of Lucille’s arms to start the water in the shower. “Now let’s hurry up so we can fuck each other’s brains out.”

The two of them step into the warm cascading water of the shower, taking each other in arms while they let it wash over them. Like before, Alex puts their hands on Lucille’s hips, encouraging her to sway side to side and sort of dance with her partner. “I already showered earlier today for our date, did you too?”

“I did. I think we can get away with just a quick soaping down.”

“Yeah, you’re right.” Lucille grabs a body sponge, squirts some soap into it and begins to lovingly scrub Alex down, especially around their legs where Lucille had accidentally peed on them. “Hey, so…” Lucille begins, “I know this is my first time trying something like this with you… What was the part that you liked the most? I know I don’t have a super big bladder that can hold in like a gallon or anything, and I know that’s one thing you said you thought was hot… And I figured you liked making me wet my pants, just because of the way you reacted. But… it’s not a kink I’m super knowledgeable about. Is there something else you’d like to try next time?”

Pulling the sponge back up their body as they finish scrubbing down Alex, the lovey-dovey couple looks each other in the eyes. “Really, there’s a ton of stuff we could try… Sometime, we could try having sex while you’re still holding it. Some people like watersports, where someone actually just pees on someone… I know I’m the one who asked about the idea, but truthfully, I’m about as dazzled by the possibilities as you are.”

“Hah… Some of those ideas do sound kind of hot. I’ll have to think about it another time… Just promise me we’ll do this again, okay?” Alex begins to scrub Lucille down in turn; Lucille kicks out a leg to give Alex easy access to it. “I… every time you told me to be a good little princess, and to keep holding it in for you, I felt my heart flutter. It… I really love that you think of me like that. It makes me feel better about myself.”

“Of course, Lucille. You deserve to feel wonderful about yourself, because you are wonderful.” Alex stands back up, pressing their forehead to Lucille’s. “You’re the most wonderful girl in the world.”

“Aaaahh… You’re wonderful too…” Lucille speaks quietly, softly pushing her body up against Alex’s as if by instinct. When she realizes she’s doing this, she pulls away a little, more than a little embarrassed. “O-Ohhh my god, I’m sorry, I just. I can’t wait any longer, I need to fuck you now.”

“Oh, wow, such confidence.” Alex exclaims, embracing Lucille. “Alright, sweetie, I won’t make you wait any longer.” Reaching a hand out to hang up the body sponge and turn off the water, Alex makes a mental note to continue rinsing out the sponge once they’re done banging.

The two help eachother dry off and leave the bathroom, stepping over everyone’s damp clothes. When they step out of the bathroom, they can tell that the sun has already set, the room having gotten dark. Alex flips on the lights, noticing the puddle of Lucille’s pee still sitting on the tiled floor. “We should… probably clean that up,” begins Lucille as she presses her towel into the puddle. “Like, will it damage the floor if we leave it or…”

“Hey, princess, I don’t think you need to worry about that.” Alex’s voice comes from the couch; they had snuck over to sit down on it, patting the spot at their side. It’s easy to see the way their demure, twinkish body rests against the couch, a body that seems to reflect Alex’s personality of someone who’s gentle and effeminate yet strong. The hardness of their bones might turn some people off, but Lucille loves the difference in textures across their body, how she can run a hand and feel both soft cuddleable skin and firm, dependable edges and contours. “Just lay the towel down and come sit with me,” they say, their gentle smile accentuated by their immaculate cheekbones.

Immediately, Lucille blushes and presses her fingers together as she drops her towel on the puddle, pushing herself back up into a stand. Her datefriend takes the moment to drink in the sight of her figure as she nervously walks forward; they’ve always loved the way her stocky-yet-curvy form gives her a wonderful curve to her hips, and how her tummy and chest are so soft that Alex can easily press into them when making out with her. Despite her chubby and very kissable cheeks, her face is far from a babyface; it’s elegant, full of happiness, vibrance, emotion.

When the princess sits down on the couch beside her monarch, she nestles in even closer, letting their hips touch. Alex lays a hand on Lucille’s thigh as they look into eachother’s eyes, but Lucille accelerates a bit faster than they do, confidently reaching out to lay her gentle fingers on Alex’s firmly erect dick. She stares intently into Alex’s eyes, watching with amusement as their expression contorts into one of deep, primal pleasure. Starting to stroke harder, Lucille takes joy in metaphorically wrapping Alex around her finger while she literally wraps her fingers around Alex.

“W-wait, Lucille, slow down-” Alex gets out, somewhat panting from the stimulation; they can see as Lucille pouts, but obediently slows the pace on her gentle touches. “One orgasm just isn’t enough for you, Lucille, huh? You really need my body that bad?”

“Mmmm. I do.” Lucille whispers, bouncing a little with arousal. “I need it, right now.”

“Well, then you better not jump the gun or you won’t get to ride me, charm.” Alex shuffles their body around to lay their arms over Lucille’s shoulders, loving the tender closeness that comes with eye contact. “Besides, at least let me tease you too,” they say, reaching a hand down to press gently against Lucille’s vulva in turn. It’s wet, more than wet enough to comfortably smash.

Breathing sharply through her teeth, Lucille feels herself melt a little into Alex’s fingers. She grabs their waist, her legs wrapped around them, as she pushes them down onto their back. She presses her lips against Alex’s, letting them mack each other as they feel eachother up. Alex sloppily reaches over to grab a condom from the drawer, hastily unwrapping it while they try and keep Lucille from sliding her datefriend right on in. “Oh my god, so needy.”

Lucille pulls away a bit from smooching to let Alex talk. “Guilty as charged.” she says, giggling. “Ready?”

“More than ready.”

With Alex’s confirmation in mind, Lucille slowly begins to rub herself against the tip of Alex’s cock, softly exhaling as she feels it part her body. She opens her eyes to take in Alex’s expression as she begins to fuck them, watching them gently close their eyes in pleasure. Over the next few seconds, they slowly accelerate until Alex sputters out “Just like that,” in between heavy breaths.

Unable to resist any longer, Alex reaches a hand up to pull their girlfriends’ head towards their own, kissing deeply and unapologetically as Lucille continues to pleasure herself on Alex’s cock. Hoping to help things along a little, Alex reaches a hand between their bodies and places their finger right on Lucille’s clitoris, gently pressing on it and rubbing the tip of their finger up against it. They can feel their own penis right next door, almost poking themselves with their fingernail.

Emboldened by the extra stimulation, Lucille begins to push harder and harder, more and more energy being put behind each thrust of her hips. She makes a soft noise with each push, humming through her nose as she makes out furiously with Alex, feeling herself teetering closer and closer towards the edge. Alex, likewise, is beginning to grow closer and closer towards orgasm with each passing second.

Suddenly, Lucille’s voice rings out through the room. “A-Alex… Am I a naughty princess? Tell me I’m a naughty princess!”

“Y-You’re…” Alex does their best to speak in-between pants and smooches. “You’re such a naughty princess, Lucille!”

“That’s right! I’m a naughty princess who’s going to… to fuck your brains out! So you better… Nnnnhh…”

In-between Lucille’s hot breath, the feeling of her soft body against Alex’s, and the pressure she’s putting on their dick, Alex begins to reach their limit, softly panting as they teeter over the edge of a climax. Eventually, with one more strong push from Lucille, Alex is shoved over the edge and feels waves rush over them as they cum inside their princess. They let out a long soft moan, deflating underneath their lovely girlfriend. It’s not long before Lucille reaches the same level, the overwhelming stimulation pushing her over the edge into a deep, shuddering climax.

“Ooohhhhh my god,” Alex splutters out, continuing to push a little but quickly slowing down in pace. “No more, no more, God, that…” Pulling their dampened hand out from underneath Lucille’s body, Alex wraps both arms around Lucille and lies there unmoving as they pant like a dog.

“That was amazing?” Lucille completes Alex’s statement, the tension draining out of her body as she slumps forward and rests into Alex’s body. “That was amazing, because you’re hot as shit and I love you?”

“Yeah, something like that…”

“God, I’m sorry, just, please tell me we’ll do this again sometime.” Lucille pleads, as the air surges in and out of her lungs. “All of this, it was so satisfying from beginning to end. “Even just… can we please fuck each other this hard again sometime?”

“We can, we can, I promise you, charm…” Staring back at Lucille, Alex takes a moment to appreciate Lucille’s gorgeous afterglow. “Just let me sleep for like, three years first.”

As Lucille looks down at the beautiful and handsome Alex, seeing the way they’re absolutely knocked out, makes Lucille softly giggle. “Heehee, okay. I always forget how people like you get so sleepy after you cum, it always throws me off a little…”

“It’s cause it makes our brains release, uh… Sleep hormones, or something…”

“Hah, okay, whatever, cutie.” Lucille reaches forward to kiss Alex on the forehead. “I forgive you for your transgressions of having a body.” With a bit of a groan, Lucille pulls herself off of Alex’s body and stands up, hopping onto her feet. She grabs a box of tissues and pulls the condom off, cleaning up after herself before she quickly disposes of the used condom.

Suddenly, Lucille remembers something. “Hey… Alex, I’m supposed to pee after sex or something, aren’t I? It’ll help me not get an infection?”

“Uhh… Yeah? Something like that.”

“Well… Wanna watch me pee on that towel I laid down earlier?”

“Oh my god, how are you still raring to go?” Alex asks, pushing themself up into a sitting position so they can watch. “Yes, obviously, because you’re naked and gorgeous and I love watching you pee.”

Lucille is already standing on the towel, a finger raised up to her lips to nervously bite; She’s averting her eyes, confident enough to make the offer but apparently still shy enough to feel flustered when Alex looks at her naked body. “I’m sooooorry, I just… want you to keep looking at me that way, you know.”

“Lucille…” Alex stands up to walk over to Lucille, once again taking their lover in arms. They can feel Lucille begin to sway her hips side to side, like a kind of romantic slow-dance. “You know I look at you that way any chance I can. Are you worried about something? Are you okay?”

“Y-Yeah, I…” Lucille smiles. “I dunno. Sorry for thinking too hard… Hey, you know… maybe we could record it?”

“Huh? Record what?”

“Me peeing on the towel, silly. That way, you can watch it when you’re feeling playful again. How’s that sound?”

“…” Alex stares for a minute, softly blushing. “Let me get my phone,” they say, rushing off to another room and coming back a second later with a cellphone. They sit down on the couch and pull up their camera app, pointing it at Lucille who still stands on the towel.

“Uh… Let me know when you’re ready!”

“I’m already recording, love.”

Oh, haha. Lucille blushes a little as she thinks about how Alex will inevitably watch this in the future, and maybe even jack off to it. “Oh, I didn’t realize, hah…” She spreads her legs, each foot at each end of the towel, letting her pussy hang out in the open air. “Hi, future Alex, if you’re watching this make sure to ask to fuck me later!”

Alright. It’s not a toilet, but… just relax. Think of warm ocean waves. Lucille lets her left hand fall to the side, the other still being softly nibbled upon out of nervousness. She feels herself relaxing as a stream bursts forth and soaks into the towel, shooting right down between her thick thighs. It’s not as relieving or ecstatic as when she peed her pants earlier, but it still feels relaxing enough to make Lucille let out a breath she didn’t realize she was holding. She covers her mouth with her fingers and looks demurely at the camera, trying to stifle a giggle.

“Hah, you naughty girl.” Alex coos, looking up at their partner. “You just go whereeever you want to, don’t you?”

“Maybe. It certainly feels naughty…” Her bladder already having been mostly emptied, the stream peters to a stop. “Well, see you later, future Alex,” she says, prompting Alex to turn the camera off. They reach out to put the camera on the counter as Lucille walks over to sit down on Alex’s lap, wrapping her arms around them and nestling into their slender body. “Hi, present Alex.”

“Hi, present Lucille” Alex remarks, reaching forward to plant a kiss on Lucille’s cheek. Lucille returns it, pressing one to both of Alex’s cheekbones and smiling at them.

Suddenly, Alex’s attention is drawn to the TV. It hadn’t been turned off since they stopped watching, and had lost all track of the plot of their animes. “You know, I’m not sure we ever watched Lovely Heart Starry Knights in the first place. Wanna start over from the beginning?”

Lucille ponders for a moment. She’s seen it a hundred times, but Alex hasn’t, and she really wants to see how Alex reacts to the sick action scenes. “You know what? Yeah, let’s start over,” she says as she reaches for a blanket to pull over the two of them.

Edited September 7, 2022 by Lapis Lazuli (see edit history)

*004*2022-10-28 01:37

{{On 10/25/2022 at 6:42 PM, maple2002 said:

Dam this is great! I really hope you continue this ❤️

}}

I'm definitely going to! I've actually been thinking about redoing the first chapter, though.

