My first attempt at fiction

Author: largebio

*000*2017-02-23 09:48

After being a lurker for quite some time, I decided to write some fiction. This is my first story, please enjoy.

CHAPTER 1

An alarm sounds, 7 am, Barbara hits snooze. Thirty minutes later she shoots awake: “Shit, John’s gonna be here in fifteen minutes”, she thinks. She quickly gets out of bed, puts on some clothes, eats some cornflakes and has a glass of water.

Then she hears a car pull op in front of her house, she quickly runs out and gets in, feeling a twinge in her bladder but nothing bad. She greets John, her modelling agent as Barbara is having her first ever photoshoot today. They drive off to the set, about half an hour’s drive away.

Half an hour without traffic that is, as they hit it as soon as they pull onto the motorway. But nothing to bad though and they arrive about fifteen minutes later than planned.

As Barbara walks into the building where the shoot is set she feels her bladder twinging again. Looking around if she sees a bathroom sign, she is greeted by a woman named Julia.

Julia explains that since Barbara and John arrived a little late she has to get her make-up down right now, reluctantly – noticing her filling bladder – Barbara follows Julia to the make-up room and sits down.

After ten minutes her make-up and hair are down and Julia leads the way to the dressing rooms. Barbara walks in and notices five pair of jeans she will be wearing for today’s shoot. What she doesn’t see is a toilet.

Julia informs that she is expected to be changed in two minutes for the shoot to start. A bit sleepy still Barbara quickly gulps down a mug of coffee which stood ready and waiting for her. She immediately regrets it though, feeling her now full bladder.

Thirty minutes and three pairs of jeans later, Barbara is getting truly desperate. Changing into the fourth pair, she has to pause for a second fighting of her first wave of desperation. “I can’t use my hands, I can’t on stage either”, she thinks. Zipping up the jeans she is relieved though, as this pair is significantly looser fitting as the pair before.

As the photos are being taken, Barbara does everything in her might not to fidget. She succeeds and heads of to change into the final pair of jeans. Luckily for her these are not too tight either.

A couple minutes later the final round of pictures are being taken, however not without the occasional squirm. “Are you alright?”, Julia asks. “Yes, just a little cold”, Barbara quickly replies to dose of any suspicion of her real plight.

“Ok, last picture”

“Thank god”, Barbara whispers to herself.

Quickly walking off to her changing room, she strips the jeans off. A knock on the door, it’s Julia.

“Barbara, our bikini model didn’t show up, mind posing in these two bikini’s while you’re here?”, Julia asks showing two bikini sets.

“Yeah, no problem, but can I use the bathroom first?”

“Uhm, John didn’t tell you? This building doesn’t have bathrooms”

“Oh, well ok then”, Barbara responds coolly. Her mind not so cool however. But she resolves by telling herself that she will be home in an hour, and she can definitely hold another hour.

Changing into the first bikini she is mortified, it’s a size too small and really pressing on her bladder.

She walks out, but not without fidgeting every minute or two during the shoot. Blaming the increased fidgeting on the even colder surroundings as she as now wearing less clothes.

Finished with the first bikini she changes into the second, but with the bottom off, she feels another wave coming, quickly grabbing her bare pussy in the privacy of her changing room.

The wave subsides a she swiftly puts on the second, also very tight, bikini.

“Forty five more minutes and I’m home. I can do this”, she assures herself.

Struggling to stay still, the final shoot takes a little longer than expected but eventually they finish.

She walks off to the changing room for the final time she grabs herself as soon as she’s in there. Fighting of the wave, she dresses in her yoga pants, thanking god she decided to wear those today.

“Let’s go”, Barbara says to John a s she walks out of her dressing room.

“Ok”, is John’s simple reply.

As they hit the motorway again, John strikes up the conversation, complementing Barbara on her brilliance during the photoshoot.

Barbara isn’t really listening though, as she’s fully concentrating on keeping her bladders content in.

Fifteen minutes into the drive home Barbara sees no other resolve than grabbing her pussy through her yoga pants. She tried crossing her legs, fidgeting and bouncing her legs but it’s not enough.

John immediately notices as Barbara grabs herself: ”Are you ok?”

“Yes, just need a wee really badly. The stupid studio didn’t have bathrooms.”

“Didn’t I tell you so?”

“No”, Barbara says a little annoyed.

“Oh sorry. But don’t worry we’ll be at your hose in ten minutes, you can hold it”

“Yes, I can”, she says. “No, I can’t”, she thinks.

But ten minutes later as they pull up to her house she is still holding strong, she even managed to get her key out of her purse already.

Barbara opens the car’s door and thanks John for the ride. But as soon as she gets up she feels gravity is not gonna be her friend today and as soon as she is out of the car she puts both her hands on her pussy. John drives off.

Now alone Barbara feels another wave hit her. She grabs herself even tighter but to no avail. A second or so spurt leaves her urethra and a tear rolls down her cheek.

“Just a little longer”, she says to herself.

Waddling to the front door she removes one hand so she can unlock it.

Another spurt, this one about three seconds long she feels her hand get wet.

“No, this can’t be happening”, she thinks quickly moving her second hand to her crotch again stopping the flow.

She manages to open the door and now stands in her hallway. Another spurt, two hands in her crotch, she stops it. For a second, then another spurt and another.

Now having a dinner size wet spot on her yoga pants, she starts sobbing. She manages to take two steps towards her bathroom as another spurt leaves her.

This one, though cannot be stopped as small trickle continues leaving her pussy. The trickle turns into a stream and she starts peeing uncontrollably through her pants.

A minute later the stream finally subsides and Barbara walks off to her bathroom crying. “Thank god I live alone”, she says to herself out loud.

She takes a quick shower and decides on having an afternoon nap. She steps into her bed naked as she always does.

An hour later she awakes, desperate to pee again.

“How can I fill up this quickly”, she thinks.

However, being so comfy she doesn’t wanna get up. Trying to fall back asleep she succeeds five minutes later.

She sleeps for another five minutes, she wakes up to a spurt.

“Shit”, she thinks feeling her bedsheets. She quickly realises it was just that one spurt that left her.

But trying to get up is hard, another spurt leaves her.

She manages to stop it after two or so seconds and she sits on the edge of her bed.

But as soon as her feet hit the cold floor the flood gates open she is now full on wetting. First on her bed but she quickly slides off, now splattering all of her pee on her feet and floor. She starts crying again.

After another minute she finishes peeing again, having a lot of cleaning to do.

*002*2017-02-23 09:51

{{11 minutes ago, Jaylah said:

That's great if it's one of your first fictions. I am tempted to get into Fiction writing, but my hubby gives me no reason too unfortunately :P. Keep at it :)

}}

Thank you very much! I might add chapters later on

*004*2017-02-23 10:30

CHAPTER 2

These were the first two times twenty year old Barbara had wet since she was a young girl and she was extremely embarrassed by it. But the warm wetness also gave her a slight sense of pleasure.

Two weeks after the events she’s scheduled a beach day with her best friend Nina.

After waking up she takes a shower, pees in it and puts her white bikini on. She finds a nice summer dress with some flowers on it and puts it on over her bikini. The doorbell rings, it’s Nina.

Nina is wearing a black bikini which can be seen through her translucent white dress. Barbara walks out with a cooler full of beer and water and the girls start walking to the beach since it’s only fifteen minutes from Barbara’s house.

When they arrive they are delighted by the fact that the beach is quiet, only ten or so other people are there. They put their towels down about ten meters from the high-tide line and start drinking water as it’s a hot day.

Two hours and two bottles of water and a can of beer each later they decide it’s time for a swim.

“Just a sec Nina, I need to use the toilet first”, Barbara says.

“Why? Just go through your bikini in the water. I do it all the time.”

Barbara hesitates for a second and asks: “really?”

“Yeah, really”, comes Nina’s reply. “I even pee on the sand. I don’t care”.

Without a warning Nina stands up, spreads her legs a bit and starts peeing.

“Nina, what the fuck, people can see you”.

“So what, everyone pees at the beach. Just go ahead and do it yourself, too”

Barbara walks off to the water and goes in waste deep. She tries to pee, but never having peed in the ocean before it takes some effort to get started.

“Just relax and let it flow”, Nina says with a smile on her face.

Finally Barbara starts peeing, “Wow, that feels good”.

Half an hour later they exit the water and continue drinking their beers.

Six beers each and two hours later they’re ready to go home for lunch and because the heat is getting unbearable.

“First I need a pee”, Barbara says motioning towards the water.

“Just do it here, like me”, Nina says pointing towards her crotch. The sand around it getting darker.

“I don’t know…”

“Just go, nobody cares”

“Well, okay then”, Barbara pushes a little and her pee starts flowing onto the sand. “It tickles my pussy”.

“Yeah, I know. That’s why I love peeing my bikini”, Nina smiles.

When the girls finish their pee, they head back to Barbara’s home.

TO BE CONTINUED

*006*2017-02-23 12:08

So I got creative today and decided to write a third chapter as well, it should be done by this afternoon, though I want it to be a good chapter so it might be later.

*007*2017-02-23 13:50

CHAPTER 3

The two girls arrived at Barbara’s place and decided to heat up some leftovers for lunch. As they sat down to eat Barbara couldn’t keep her mind off what Nina had said at the beach.

“So you actually like peeing your bikini?”

Nina just smiled and nodded.

“But how did you find out? I mean… when did you learn that… you know… you like the feeling?”

“By accident really”.

“Do tell”, Barbara said. She wondered how she never knew this, especially since she had told Nina all about her accidents two weeks ago.

“It was before I met you, I was fifteen or so. On holiday with my parents and sister in southern France. We had rented a villa adjacent to a small, private beach. It was around 40 degrees, so really hot. So me and my sister were laying at the beach drinking tons of water. My parents were out visiting a small town or something, so it was just me and my sis. At some point I had fallen asleep and when I woke up I seriously had to pee”.

“So you just went in your bikini right there and then?” Barbara interrupted her.

“No, as I said, it was by accident. Let me finish first.”

“Well, go on then”.

“So I walked back to the villa to use the bathroom, but I found my parents had closed the sliding door at the back and locked it for some reason. So instead I walked around to the front door. But it couldn’t be opened without a key, so there I stood locked out. I guessed my parents wouldn’t be back for at least another couple of hours so I headed back to the beach. My sister had just woken up and asked my what’s up. So I explained my predicament and she said “Fuck I need a pee too”.”

Barbara looked at Nina with more and more interest as the she continued telling her story.

“To pass the time I decided to have a swim, but then it happened as soon as my feet hit the water I felt a wave of desperation come over me. The my pee just started pouring out and I couldn’t stop it. My sister noticed and started laughing, I felt so embarrassed. But at the same time it felt good in my pussy. So the next day when I needed to pee I just went in my bikini while swimming and it felt so good again. Now I pee my bikini every time I need to pee when at the beach.”

Barbara laughed, “Yeah it does feel good. I think I’ll just pee my bikini whenever I need to pee from now on, too”.

“Haha, good girl”, Nina said bursting into laughter.

“But how about your sis? Did she make it to the bathroom?”

“Well, since I was only fifteen I felt insecure about my body and wore a bikini even though no stranger could ever see us at that beach. But my sister was eighteen at the time and she felt comfortable sunbathing in the nude.”

“That still doesn’t answer my question”, Barbara interrupted her.

“Just let me finish”, Nina said laughing. “She held it for another hour or so. But then she started complaining that it hurt. Then out of nowhere while lying on the sand she said fuck it and started peeing right there and then not having to worry about her bikini getting wet. She finished with a sigh of relieve and smiled at me. We burst into laughter and that’s it really”.

“Wow that was surprising. Anyway, wanna watch a movie and stay the night? It’s summer holiday anyway so we don’t have to be anywhere tomorrow,” Barbara asked.

“Sure”, was Nina’s simple reply as the two girls started clearing the table.

TO BE CONTINUED

*009*2017-02-23 15:07

{{28 minutes ago, Bellatrixfan said:

This is so good

}}

Thank you so much!

*012*2017-02-24 10:51

CHAPTER 4

About half an hour later the girls had finished up the dishes and had set themselves up to watch “Bridesmaids”. They had a big bag of popcorn and a bottle of wine ready. An hour into the two hour and fifteen minute movie Barbara feels a familiar twinge in her bladder, but too focussed on the movie she ignores it.

But the alcohol is helping her fill up quite rapidly and fifteen minutes later she can’t help but start fidgeting slightly.

“Need to pee again?”, Nina asks noticing Barbara.

“Yup”.

“Well you’re not alone, the wine isn’t helping”.

They both smile and continue watching the movie.

During the next half hour both girls increase their fidgeting and eventually Barbara moves one hand towards her private area.

“You know we can pause so you can use the bathroom”, Nina says smiling.

“Nah, just half an hour or so left. I can wait. I don’t like to pause movies”, Barbara says taking another sip of her wine.

“Whatever”, Nina says slightly annoyed. She secretly hoped Barbara would pause so they could both go and pee as Nina herself feels the need to grab herself slightly.

“I can see you’re pretty desperate yourself”, Barbara says motioning towards Nina’s crotch.

Pretending not to hear her, Nina returns her view to the TV.

Twenty minutes of desperation later Barbara suddenly gasps and moves her second to her crotch as well.

“You lost some?”, Nina asks.

“Nearly”.

“The movie’s almost over though”.

“Thank god, I don’t wanna have an accident again”.

A good five minutes later the credits start rolling and both girls get up immediately. Both have both their hands firmly gripped on their crotches.

“You only have one toilet, and since I’m the guest I can go first”, is the first thing Nina says.

“No. I’m way to desperate, hearing you relieving yourself will be too much to handle.”

“I’ll have to race you to the toilet than”.

What ensues most be the slowest race in history as both girls have both hands to their pussies and their legs tightly crossed. Nina however started closer to the bathroom door and thus reaches it first.

She removes one hand to open the door but instantly loses a spurt when she touches the handle.

“Fuck. Not now, just a couple more steps”, she thinks to herself. But even the couple more steps prove to be too much and she starts leaking just in front of the toilet. She quickly hikes her dress and sits down, not bothering to lower her bikini bottoms. She pees for nearly a minute until the stream subsides.

Meanwhile, being a few steps behind Nina, Barbara is losing a spurt with every step she takes. The sound of Nina’s pee hitting the water in the toilet bowl makes her spurts turn into a steady trickle.

She sees no other option than to quickly hop over into the shower. Her dress is already wet from the leaks while both her hands pushed it up against her pussy. She doesn’t even bother hiking it up anymore and releases a torrent of piss through her bikini bottoms and dress right there in the shower.

When the two girls finish peeing, they examine the wetness on their clothes. Both their bikini bottoms are absolutely drenched and so is the lower part of Barbara’s dress. Nina’s dress also shows some signs of wetness from when she lost control before she could hike it up.

“I need a shower”, is Barbara’s conclusion.

“Me too.”

Since Barbara’s shower is quite large and the girls had seen each other naked countless times before, Barbara offered to share. Nina didn’t hesitate to accept. They stripped down and stepped into the shower.

“You know, despite it being a bit embarrassing, it did feel good to my pussy”, Barbara smiles.

“Same here”. They both burst into laughter.

After showering Barbara puts their pissy bikinis and dresses in the washing machine: “wanna borrow some clothes? Or walk around naked?”

Nina didn’t have to think twice: ”Naked it is, but you have to do so too”.

“Sure”, Barbara said laughing.

TO BE CONTINUED

*013*2017-02-24 11:04

I need help for the next chapter.

Would you want this to turn into a lesbian relationship? Or just keep it as a friendship?

