Promises Are Made to Be Broken

Author: laposit19

*000*2019-12-10 21:25

This is my first story, so any feedback is appreciated! It’s going to be multiple chapters, and is based in part on real events. It may start off a little slow, but it’ll pick up.

One summer evening after my junior year of college, I wanted to throw a party. It was going to be a mix of guys and girls - some of my guy friends from high school, and a bunch of girls a year younger than I that I knew through a family friend.

I had known this family friend, Emily, for years. Our families did everything together, and we eventually had our share of sexual encounters. We told each other everything - the typical “there for each other through the best and the worst of times.” She was rather attractive, around 5’ 2” with blonde hair, blue eyes, an athletic build, and a bubbly personality. We grew somewhat apart when we went to different colleges, but we still talked. This particular summer evening, we had decided to throw a joint party at my uncle’s cabin on a lake. That’s where I had one of the most memorable nights of my life.

My friends are flakes, and none of them showed up. None. They made up various excuses, but in the end, it was me and five girls (not the worst scenario, to be sure). I had concocted a jungle juice for the ages, and we began drinking and playing games into the night. I was flirting hard with one of the girls (not Emily), and it was well reciprocated.

We had begun playing truth or dare (somewhat childish, but we were pretty drunk) when I dared her to jump into the lake. One unforeseen consequence of this was that cold water tends to sober people up, and once we were all in the lake, the girls realized that 2AM was probably bedtime (much to my chagrin). The girl who I was flirting with was originally going to sleep in my room, but sober(er) her decided it was a better idea to sleep in a different one. The bed she took was supposed to be Emily’s, so I invited her to stay in mine. Since nothing sexual had happened between us for years, we both had assumed that chapter had closed.

We got into bed, and I realized that my clothes were still damp.

“My clothes are still damp from the lake, sorry about that.”

“Well, you can just take them off,” she replied while batting her beautiful blue eyes at me. For once in my life, I came up with a witty response, probably due to the booze.

“Well, maybe you should too then.”

She smiled and we both stripped down to our underwear. I slowly moved towards her, and kissed her lips tenderly. The situation quickly escalated.

After sex, we both laid down and began talking.

“I miss knowing everything about your life, and telling you about mine,” Emily said as she nestled against my chest.

“I agree, telling you almost everything was so nice.” I realized my mistake immediately. She sat bolt upright and looked me in the eyes.

“ALMOST? What haven’t you told me?!” Of course, that one thing had been related to my fetish for girls having accidents in their pants, day or night, and wearing pull-up style underwear. I figured this was sharing too much, so I said it was “nothing.” She kept bugging me for the next twenty minutes, clearly refusing to let it go. So, drunk me reasoned that if I couldn’t tell this girl, who I knew wouldn’t tell a soul and on whom I had plenty of dirt, I couldn’t tell anyone. So, I took the plunge.

“If I tell you, you have to promise that you won’t say anything to a single soul. It would destroy me if you did,” I said with the most serious face I could muster while my heart was pounding like a runaway jackhammer.

“Have I ever told anyone anything? Besides, you know plenty about me that I wouldn’t want spread. I promise.” I stared into her expectant blue eyes, and sighed.

“I get turned on when girls wet their pants and/or wear pull-ups.”

Emily just looked at me, her eyebrow cocked. She had a small smile that began to grow.

“Huh, not what I expected you to say.” I decided to keep going further because the reaction was decent.

“Well I mean, it’s not that much of a turn on (a lie), but it’s kinda nice.” We talked about when she stopped wetting the bed normally (aged 5) and about the time I tried to hold her back from going to the bathroom (it made sense now) and how I had never seen a girl pee her pants before (she was surprised, because she says it happens a lot when girls are drunk). I then took a ballsy plunge.

“What would you think about wearing one?”

“What do you mean?”

“A pull-up. My college-aged cousin only stopped wetting the bed a few years ago and there should be some leftovers in the closet.”

She looked at me mischievously.

“Well what do I get out of it?”

“The best sex you’ve ever had,” I responded with an equal amount of mischief in my voice. Emily smirked and looked at me.

“Go get it,” she whispered. I scrambled out of the bed quicker than I ever could have expected myself to in my current state. I yanked a girls Goodnite out of the package in the back of the closet and gave it to her. She laughed while holding it.

“Never thought I’d be back in these. It’s too small!”

“I promise it’s not, just try.” I would’ve said anything to get her into those training pants. She sat down on the bed and slowly pulled it up over her hips. It fit perfectly, and she laughed some more.

“Wanna do a twirl for me?” I asked with a wink. She stood up and slowly turned around, allowing me to see the tight Goodnite hugging her butt and perfectly framing her crotch. I grabbed her and thrust her onto the bed while she giggled, and started touching her through her pull-up. She moaned, and I understood that she was getting some pleasure out of the arrangement. We proceeded to have our best sex ever.

After, I rolled over and whispered in Emily’s ear.

“If you hadn’t peed before bed we could have had even more fun in the morning.”

She rolled her eyes and said “be glad I’m going to sleep in this thing for you,” and went to bed.

I woke up first, and nudged her awake. Once Emily got a feel for her surroundings, she immediately tugged the (obviously dry) Goodnite down her legs.

“What do I do with this?”

“You could always save it for another time,” I teased. That got an eye roll, and instead she put it back into the recesses of the closet. We all left the house pretty soon after that, but in fact, the fun was just beginning.

*001*2019-12-15 16:20

I accidentally double-posted (it was my first time posting anything), so I’m gonna continue the story on the other thread.

