Peeing herself in the car

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2018-11-29 16:34

Sam was on her way home after doing some shopping. She had been out all morning and had not stopped for a pee. She hated using public restrooms anyway.

She lived in a small town by the coast, so the drive home was 2 and a half hours long. She had been driving for about an hour when she suddenly realized that she needed to pee pretty bad. She had been so focused on driving that she had ignored the urge.

Of course, there was a lot of traffic. An hour later she had barely gone 20 miles. At this rate, it would take over an hour to get home. Sam shifted uncomfortably in her seat. The waistband of her tight jeans was pressing into her bladder, making her have to go even worse.

Finally traffic had cleared out, and Sam only had another 45 minutes to wait for home. Even though she hated public restrooms, she decided to find a gas station and pull over. She was very desperate to pee. There was a rest area in 10 miles. Sam resolved that she could hold a little longer. The next 10 minutes were torture for sam's full to the brim bladder. She was squirming in her seat and holding herself.

When she approached the rest area, she saw that it was closed. Sam gasped in frustration as she felt herself pee a little. She jammed her hand into her crotch and stopped, barely. In 20 minutes, she would be home. But she could not wait that long... she had not peed all morning and had been holding for hours. She peed a short burst, feeling herself get wet. She tried to hold in the rest, but it was no use. She spurted several more times ,and peed heself completely, only 3 blocks away from home. Her jeans were soaked

