Our Miss Heather, Chapter 2

Author: lhansen

*000*2018-12-06 22:30

We continue with our special slut, Miss Heather,

Heather sat up, straddling my leg, telling me how she started wetting herself when she was in high school. Evidently she was really fascinated with a guys erection and started noticing guys a lot more while she was cheer leading for the football team. She was grinding her wet panties into my my leg. As she is telling me this and my leg was getting wetter, pee wet. She said during one of the games she noticed another student in front of her staring up her legs as she was doing her cheers. She said that the guys cock got so big, she couldn’t take her mind off of it and was so excited, she started squirting pee in her light blue cheer leader panties. Too late and barely able to stop wetting herself she had one of her first orgasms. They won the game, but she had to stand in front of her friends in totally pissed panties. She said she loved it, especially when she realized that if you're attractive enough, you can get away with doing almost anything, including peeing your panties.

Her habit continued into college and each time she saw an engorged cock she’d pee herself a little. She got used to the dribbling and enjoyed the wetness, which sometimes got her so excited, she’d cum. Peeing herself started to be a habit to the point she decided maybe she needed to deal with it. One day she attended a really fun keg party, a friend noticed that she’d pissed her jeans and suggested that maybe a training pantie designed for an adult women might be a big help. Her friend said her teenaged sister also frequently peed in her pants and wore training panties to prevent attention.

Now, as long as she didn’t pee too much, she could dribble a bit now and then, enjoying the wetness between her legs. She found that when her training pantie was all soppy, she could even discreetly cum if she was careful. Heather said she found the wetness between her legs quite comforting.

Heather also said she’d often wear her special panties when she was conducting her business law class. She really liked her tea in the mornings and if she was slow getting to the ladies room the training pantie was a nice convenience. Sometimes after a day on campus, She'd reach her condo late in the afternoon, strip off her skirt and find her pantie at least a little pissy. She said it was fun to pee that way, usually with no one realizing her puss was soaking. She wondered what her students would think if they knew their sexy professor was standing in front of them spritzing herself with pee. I loved the way she was confiding her little kink to me.

Towards noon, I’d had enough of her wet ass as she moved around the beach house. She’d alternate cleaning the kitchen with little visits straddling my right leg, sharing a little pot, while I messaged her nearly perfect breasts. Her pissed in pantie making an ever larger wet patch on my jeans. I took her into the bedroom, stripped her and licked her puss until she orgasmed. Then of course, I did the responsible thing. She likes that.

I was thinking of a devious game, I wanted to play with her and Monday’s 2PM Business Law class would be the perfect place for it. I suggested that she wear one of her tight pencil skirts, a white frilly blouse that does so much to display her gorgeous tits and some four inch heels. I told her I’d be sitting directly in front of her. She was catching on and thought it best if she wore a pair of her special panties, just for me.

Next

