Mall Rats

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*000*2018-05-01 16:07

“This just in the governor has declared a state-wide emergency as a winter storm warning goes into effect. We are expecting temperatures to drop to as low as -40°F along with winds gusting at up to 50mph. We could be looking at up to several feet of snow fall. The governor’s office is advising everyone to stay off the roads and in doors…”

“Well shit now what are we going to do? The shelters are going to be full up and we’ll empty the tank just trying to keep the heater going.” That was my girlfriends brother Anand. I’m Kayla twenty-one year old computer engineering major(hardware focus) and anarchist trans girl. My girlfriend Lia, same major but with a programming focus, is sitting in the back with him. My sister Tera is driving, so that leaves me riding shotgun.

“Hell if I know, maybe we can at least find a garage where we can park out of the wind?” Most people don’t expect people sleeping rough in a van to look like us. Two computer sciences majors, one econ/film studies, and a nursing major. Most people assume that if you’re on the streets it’s because you fucked up somehow. My big sin was being born to parents who couldn’t accept that their son was actually their daughter. My big sister’s was refusing to back down and trying to shield me. Lia and Anand put us up so that I could finish high school and then start at the same small state school as my sister. Then the 2019 crash hit, and their dad lost his car dealership. We’ve been sleeping in this van for the past three years since then. New Jersey winters were never fun, but this was going to be some “we could actually die shit”. Unless I could think of something fast.

*002*2018-05-01 17:38

Thank the goddess I had a light bulb moment “Hey what about that new mall that just opened. Tri State Crossroads? We could park the van in one of the garages and hide in the bathrooms until it closes.”

“Brilliant plan sis, we’ll be in a nice warm cell once the camera’s and motion sensor’s pick us up.” I smile like the Cheshire Cat. “They’ve been all over the news hyping their new automated security and service systems. They don’t have any guards after hours as a cost saving measure. This shiny new system is wireless which means…”

“Which means that it’s going to be my new bitch.” Lia says grinning predatorily. “Crimes?”

“Hell, to the yes little sis!!”

“Let’s do this.” Lia let’s out a woot and a round of fist bumps occurs as we burn rubber trying to get there before the storm closes it down.

We get there as the last of the soccer moms, suits, sorority groups and other assorted normals scurry out to get safely home before the storm hit’s. We duck into one of the family restrooms and wait for the store to close. I’m sitting on the floor checking Facebook on my phone and don’t even bother looking up as Lia drops trow and sits down to use the can, her stream making a soft tinkling sound. When you live with your girlfriend and each other’s siblings in a closet sized space for three years modesty stops being a thing. And in case your wondering yes, we have had sex while the other two were in the van. So yes, my sister knows what my ‘O-face’ looks like. And she and Anand have occasionally taken care of each other while we were there, so I know her’s as well. Like I said winters can suck and I’m not making my fam wait outside freezing just because I need to get off.

Finally, at ten o’clock the mall shut’s down and Lia gets to work. It takes her 25 minutes to breach the firewall, 15 to figure out the system interface, and five to shutdown the alarms. Once we double check that the coast is clear and the system is rigged to filter us out of the security recordings we set out laughing and me riding piggy back on Anand’s shoulders to explore our new digs.

*004*2018-05-01 22:20

So yeah we spent several hours just goofing off and exploring the various shops. There was the request fashion montage trying clothes. We hit up this barcade type place and drunken karaoke/dance games ensued. From there we staggered out and found one of those miniature train things so yeah of course we joy ride’d that bitch. I was especially enjoying that part because well, I’m a Little. Everyone in our ‘family’ knows about it and both Tera and Lia love indulging me, so I was having a blast. I was laughing and screaming my head off even though we were going maybe 15mph tops. I think I flashed the rows of empty shops I don’t know why. I guess I was just having fun cutting loose.

By about 3:00 am we had sobered up and were looking for a place to crash without being discovered. “Wait guys I remember something about this place hold on…” I whip out my phone and after a quick check on google. “Okay got it follow me!”

“So where are going K?”

“So, the company that built this place new that a conventional single use mall was a loosing proposition in the everything is online age. So that’s why this place has all the restaurants and entertainment venues.”

“Mixed use space, you make this whole package experience to get traffic into the shops, makes sense sis.”

“So apparently there was going to a second stage where they built a connected tower of apartments they even built a few demo units on top of wing F but then the market tanked and they never finished. So those units are sitting vacant….” Lia hug tackles me squealing. “We get an actual bed and maybe a hot shower! I fucking love you!” I flush pink.

We take the elevator to the fifth floor and walk over to wing F. At the end of the mall we can see a series of doors and large frosted glass windows. “Hell yes! Fantastic job littles sis!”

“You really out did your self K!” We pick the one connected to the defunct leasing office since it seems to be the largest. We flash the master codes and the door pops open with a satisfying ‘swish chuck’. From there it’s all excited yelling and hella yes as we explore the fully furnished two-bedroom apartment. We decided to grab the elevator down to the Target on the first floor to grab food. On the way down more excited squeals as we find that “our” floor has a pizza vending machine in front of the elevator. More novelty projects from the development company.

Now loaded with groceries and a fresh hot pie, we stampeded back in and deciding to get comfortable stripped out of our dirty sweaty clothes that we had been wearing for the past three days. Tossing them into the ensuite wash. Pulling up a movie on the flat screen we polished off the large pizza and two six packs. I ended up getting sauce and toppings on my left tit which Lia was more than happy to clean that off which led to me dragging her into the bedroom and wrestling her onto the bed.

This ended with me pinned to the bed and Lia straddling me a hungry look on her face. I saw her shift position and felt a familiar warm, wet, tightness enveloping my girl cock. Her hands caressing my breasts tweaking my nipples as she rode me as hard she could. Her blue hair a stark contrast to her caramel skin. I could see her full breasts swinging above me, the muscles in her calves taught. But what really got me was her face, that look of pure joy and when her eyes met mine, love. Jesus, I think that’s what sent her over the edge. Shuddering and squeaking as I reversed position and began thrusting harder and more aggressively till it was my turn. Emptying myself into her. The night of partying finally caught up to us and we fell asleep in a sweaty, sticky, happy pile.

*006*2018-05-11 22:09

The next morning I woke up groggy but otherwise comfortable. This was the best bed I’d had ever slept in hands down and then there was the fact that I was snuggled up in between two of my favorite people, my sister and my girlfriend. Getting up and stretching I caught sight of Anand’s morning wood and proceeded to tease him mercilessly, which earned me a pillow to the face. Laughing we all piled into the giant walk in shower and proceeded to get cleaned up. Me and Lia taking turns scrubbing each other while sneaking in the occasional feel.

Everyone could use some trimming and the mirror and the swing handle made shaving a breeze for me and Anand thankfully I only needed it about twice a week ever since I started hormones. After doing my legs I let Lia take over for my pubic area before turning around and bending over. As I felt her spread my cheeks and work the shaving cream into my crevice I couldn’t help but think “You know it’s love when you feel comfortable shaving each other’s but cracks.” This caused both of us to devolve into a fit of snickering giggles as our dirty minds naturally synced.

*008*2018-05-12 03:23

After cooking breakfast for the first time in months we excitedly tore through several stacks of pancakes, sausage, eggs, and bacon before splitting up to wander the mall, which was still closed as the storm burned itself out. It had also closed the university four days early, so we had nothing going on. When we got back I found out Lia had been working in the office. “So what’s up?”

“Covering our tracks. Somebody’s going to notice the utility usage and traffic eventually, but I used the readymade access to their corporate servers to forge some paperwork. Some dumbass actually left a password on a sticky note…” She says laughing “Now if anybody looks into it they’re going to think somebody in upper management at sales is using it to discreetly entertain clients.”

“Watching you duel wield code and social engineering is so god damn sexy.” I playfully tease as I lean in to kiss her on the fore head. “Goofus.” She leans in to return a peck on the lips while also swatting my ass. “What was that for?” Lia just smiles.

She is so much better at planning things than I am. Lia is always thinking two steps ahead, it makes her great at planning surprise parties, and is one of the many things I love about her. Speaking of which. “So besides taking care of our cover story what else have you been up to?”

“Well I stopped by a couple stores and got us house warming present Little K….” Her using my pet name combined with that look can mean only one thing and I flush knowing how simultaneously embarrassing and amazing whatever she has planned is going to be. Honestly a big part of the flush is knowing just how much I’m going to enjoy it.

I’m led into the bedroom where I’m shocked to see a brand-new changing table. We had never been able to get a lot of stuff for my Little side because of our living situation. Apparently Lia was determined to make up for lost time. “Oh my God!” The changing table was really overtop quality the medium dark wood and red leather(fake for obvious reasons but still really nice) making it look like it belonged in spa. It also had a lot of shelving with really good organization. “Do you like it?” I’m surprised to see Lia looks super hesitant and nervous. It’s not something I see often.

I can’t english so I just run up and squeeze her into an excited hug. “Well then let’s get Little K ready for bed.” She say’s beaming at me. I go quite nervously biting at my nails as she takes of my shirt and bra tossing them into the clothes hamper before helping me onto the table. “Don’t ruin your nails sweetie use this instead.” She gently admonishes as she pops a mint green paci into my mouth. After taking off my jeans and undies and tossing them in the basket as well she pulls out a thick diaper navy blue with pink polka dots. “Where did you get this stuff?” I can’t keep the surprise and amazement out of my voice. “So, this mall actual has like a legit super center sized sex shop called, and I shit you not ‘Fantasies ‘R us’. They have this whole separate ABDL section.”

“Where the hell has this place been for the past 10 years?” We both break out laughing before I go back to sucking contentedly on my new paci as Lia places the diaper under me lifting my legs by the ankles.

I feel my but hit the soft warm padding as Lia applies powder and lotion. Eliciting embarrassed gasps and squeaks of pleasure in the process before tapping me up. I’m dressed in a mint green romper pajama set with Little cartoon foxes, trees, and cabins on it. It’s cute but still looks like something a girl my age might actual where if that’s what she was going for. Perfect for Little K. I’m placed on the couch where Anand and Terra make happy embarrassing noises at me and complement me on my new pjs. Lia makes my favorite thirst quencher, iced cranberry juice and seltzer, and brings it out to me in a sippy cup. I lie back against her my legs in Terra’s lap sighing contentedly as big sister starts to rub my feet. While Anand cues up something on Netflix. This is… perfect.

