School Desperation

Author: LeakyGirl

*000*2019-05-16 21:01

Okay so I am a girl with curves in all the right places, a large bust and a well formed ass, my auburn hair falls in curves around my face, highlighting my blue eyes. This is a story about a fantasy I had about school.

So I'm at school in my very tight white shirt and a short red tartan skirt also a pair of skin colour tights. I've been drinking all day and it's now my last lesson, which is chemistry. I also haven't peed all day. I have a substitute teacher as my normal one is ill. I arrive at the lesson and take my place at the front of the lab, I sit by myself so I can focus better. He introduces himself as Mr Crocker. We start the lesson and it's not too bad. But I start to get more and more desperate.

As I'm taking notes from the lesson a leak a little into my lacy white thong. Due to this I start to squirm. But I don't realise I've caught the attention of a certain teacher. I feel like I won't last the whole lesson. So when we are set to do practice questions I ask if I can go to the toilet. I am sternly told no and to finish my work first. So I try to answer the questions as quickly as possible. But I'm really struggling, as my desperation is getting worse and worse. I place a hand in my crotch and pray that no one notices.

But someone does and they enjoy it a lot. I leak a few more drops into my thong. There is five more minutes and I believe I can last to make it to the toilets at the end of the hall. I only leak a few more drops but I make it. The bell rings. The day is over. I can't wait for the sweet release of my bladder. I stand up slowly with my legs clamped shut as I pack my bag. I was very slow so was the last student left. I watch as Mr Crocker heads to the sink and turns on the tap. I quickly grasp my crotch as I feel pee spurt into my thong. I'm now desperately holding myself and squirming. I knew you were desperately stated Mr Crocker.

I grab my bag and go to leave, but he stops me. He asks if I finished the practice questions. I said I didn't and went to leave, but again he stops me. He responded with I told you that you can pee once you've done the questions. I waddle back to my seat and cross my legs over burying my hand. Sir did not like this at all. Out of his desk he pulls some string. He ties my ankles to the legs of the table and my wrists behind the chair. He ties me to the chair ( some string above my boobs some below ).

He then tells me to answer the questions after he reads it and if I get I wrong I get a punishment. I answer the first question and I wrong. He pushes hard on my bladder causing a spurt of pee to escape me. He reads four more questions each one adding more to my puddle. My thong is soaking and my tights are too my skirt is a bit damp too. There is a small puddle forming on my chair. It's the last question and I get I wrong again. But this time he rips open my top revealing my lacy white bra. He pulls it down to show my huge tits, my nipples hard. He smirks at this giving them a slight squeeze. He walks back over to the sink a turns on the tap.

This makes me spurt adding more to the growing puddle of my creation. He gives my bladder a squeeze but nothing. He notices how tense I am and comes up with a perfect solution. So he pulls out his huge hard cock and when I go to say something rams it down my throat. I begin to suck him off. Then I feel it. Immense relief. I completely lose it. Moaning slightly as I pee full force through my thong and tights. Pee falling like a waterfall off my chair. Forming a huge puddle. As Mr Crocker pulls out his dick, rubs himself and cums all over me.

