Our Miss Heather

Author: lhansen

*000*2018-11-25 21:48

This continues my tale about my college's business law professor, Miss Heather. While I’m a pretty good student, it was this class more than any other, that caused me at least a little concern. It was a good type of concern and I had a lot of fun with it. Miss Heather was almost twice my age at thirty five and really hot. She always dressed well, usually wearing tight skirts that barely reached her knee and always wearing heels that accentuated her long legs. During the second week of her class, I couldn’t take my eyes away from one of her animated lectures, as she moved around the front of the room, breasts bouncing in a white blouse and a tight skirt. Her antics caused me to lose control of a very obvious erection and cum in my jeans. It also might have been those very visible panty lines, of hers that were so prominently on display. I wondered what was happening to me, but there is a little more about that in chapter one of “This Very Sexy Lady”.

Later in chapter two “This Very Sexy Lady":

The rest of the afternoon and well into the evening our antics at the beach house continued. Heather was, so attentive and even when she was high from the wine and pot we’d consumed, made everything seem so sexy. The wetness on her swimsuit slowly dried, leaving an obvious yellow stain on that beautiful ass of hers. After a while she cuddled up on my lap and I couldn’t resist pulling the pissy crotch of her swimsuit aside and tonguing her pussy until she came. More would come later, since it was my turn to tease her for her naughtiness. After all she was still “Miss Heather”, and needed to be treated as such.

Until late into the evening we did all the things that two people, totally lusting over one another, could do. She can really be a “slut" when she wants and I did whatever made her reach that level of obsession.

As usual, I slept until pretty late Sunday morning, but realized Heather was up doing things around the beach house. Finally, I hear, “OK sleepy head, time to join me for breakfast”. Hungrily, I slipped on some clothes and entered the kitchen. Noticing food cooking on the gas range and smelling freshly brewed coffee I almost couldn’t wait, but way more than that was Heather. I'd say beautiful, but even more, was how she’d dressed herself. From her hair bradded in long pigtails, to her braless tits almost spilling out of a blue loose fitting blouse and wedge sandals accentuating that beautiful ass of hers. She was going to be hard to resist.

The part that really got my attention, though, was the light blue pantie that peaked from below the long tails of her blouse. It clearly was my favorite, with high cut sides, a style that really looked nice on her. It took a minute, but after examining her bottom as she walked around the stove a couple of times, I noticed it wasn't a normal cotton pantie, but a girls training pantie. My curiosity was aroused. It really was a girls training pantie, made of a thick cotton, designed for a young lady having trouble controlling her bladder.

The way it covered her butt and love mound was causing something to happen in my jeans and it wasn’t something I could hide either. She noticed the swelling in my pants after pouring coffee and bringing two steaming cups out to the patio. I loved the way her pantie hugged her almost swollen pussy. She put the coffee cups down and sat very close to me with her hand on my erection. We talked about our plans for the day, all the while she’d begun rocking her crossed legs. I wondered if she needed to pee.

We continued our conversation as Heather decided to get more coffee. I couldn’t miss that butt of hers as she walked to the kitchen, but there was something else. Her pantie was wet around the double crotch band. Had she wet herself while playing with me. Picking up the carafe, she returned. There was no doubt, she’d peed, a wet patch nearly surrounding that sexy pussy of hers. She caught me staring.

“What’s the matter, I think I know what you're looking at. Besides it’s your fault, whenever you get that big, it makes me pee a little. And anyway, this type of pantie protects the furniture if I decide to 'kind of go'. Don’t worry it’ll be OK “. Heather returned to the seat next to me but not before, I got a nice look at a now larger wet patch on her ass. The smile lighting up her face suggested there would be more.

We talked about her wet ass while I reached between her legs, massaging her pussy, whispering in her ear how much her wetting turned me on. I wanted to know why she was wearing “girls training panties” and why she’d decided to just pee in them. What came next surprised me, evidently her wetting on herself really had nothing to do with me and everything to do with her own “thing” as she put it.

Needing to know more, “Heather how long have you been wetting your pants?” Her answer next.

