The Omorashi President: Redux

Author: lmnoP

*000*2017-12-13 06:11

Quick Note: Around 2 years ago I posted a story here which was pretty well-received, titled "The Omorashi President

." I had posted the first chapter fully expecting to continue it, but since I was finishing my graduate studies at the time I had sadly gotten caught up in work and ended up forgetting about this story for months. By the time I remembered it, the cutoff point for posting comments had passed and I figured no one would be interested in reading the next installment anyway. Recently though I decided, oh well, let's give it a shot anyway.

I made this chapter long as hell to make up for the multi-year gap between chapters. If this is received well I'll promise frequent updates, so let me know what you think!

Finally, I recommend you read the original story linked above, since it provides almost all the backstory and character descriptions, etc. etc.

Inauguration Day: Part II

Monday, January 20th, 2020

10:15 A.M.

The Oval Office

The door clicked shut, leaving Alisha Collins standing alone in the middle of the Oval Office. The room was immediately bathed in silence apart from the faint ticking of the grandfather clock standing resolutely against the wall, the gentle whisper of windswept snow blowing against the great windows, and the subtle whisking of her pantyhose-clad legs feverishly scissoring back and forth. As the blizzard outside began to subside, sunshine broke through the windows and cast their golden rays upon a small, almost imperceptible golden spot in the carpet between her feet. The warm light danced across the room, revealing the damp streaks descending along her pantyhose and betraying the unimaginable enormity of the predicament the 22-year-old now found herself in.

The calm and cool façade she had attempted to display just minutes ago was shattered, replaced by the trembling fear of a young woman trapped in a situation which was quickly spiraling out of her control. She ran through a mental recap of her day: it’s my first day interning at the White House, I got lost and showed up late, the chief of staff probably thinks I’m incompetent, the president wants to meet with me personally, and to top everything off I’m about to piss all over myself. She tightly crossed one leg over the other and bounced in her heels.

Her bladder ached with the tremendous pressure of what seemed like gallons of pee stretching it to its limits. She tried gently caressing her bulging lower abdomen, but the added tightness of her skirt caused her to almost instantly release yet another jet of hot piss. She gasped, crossed her legs even tighter and frantically continued her dance. She could feel her panties were saturated by now, and the tiny rivulets which ran down her legs became cold within seconds. Tears began to well in her eyes as she began to accept the inevitable, that she would wet herself in the White House.

Her pee dance was at a crescendo, if that was possible. She alternated bending one leg at the knee, bringing her heel out behind her before repeating it with her other leg, all while jamming her hand against the crotch of her skirt and applying much-needed pressure. She needed to pee somewhere, anywhere, now.

Her eyes glanced across the room toward the Resolute Desk, its rich, dark wood contrasted against the pristine white of the carpet and the shimmering sunlight landing on its surface. Her mind swimming in desperation, her legs all but welded together, she made the first delicate steps toward the desk to look for a trashcan she could use to relieve herself. She minced, slowly but surely, as every other step caused the tiniest trickle of pee to be released, not granting an ounce of relief but further dampening her legs. I need to go, she thought, I need to go, I need to go, as she felt her control slipping away

Alisha made it to the desk. She stopped as a powerful bladder spasm rocked her, forcing her to bend over double and jam her hand into her crotch before any more pee escaped. She tottered in her heels around to the back of the massive desk, only to have her hopes crushed once more; nothing but the leather desk chair and two flap poles flanking the massive bay windows, with no trashcan in sight.

Nothing to pee in.

No relief. No control.

Just… warmth.

Warmth?

Warmth.

The realization hit her in stages. She felt the inside of her thighs grow unmistakably warm, followed by the backs of her calves and the bottoms of her feet. It felt pleasant, relaxing even. This was soon followed by the pitter-patter sound of liquid trickling onto thick carpet beneath her heels, then by the sensation of pee spraying into her panties, pooling against her pussy before flowing down her legs. After what seemed an eternity did Alisha finally realize what she was doing. She was, in fact, pissing herself all over the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office.

But what was most remarkable was that, in that moment, as hot pee hissed out of her in a torrent and landed in a growing puddle below which she couldn’t do anything about, she lost her sense of where she was, her focus entirely on her accident.

In her frantic, desperate state, the sensation of her ocean of piss finally exploding out of her, the feeling of her overfilled bladder returning to its normal size, the unbearable pressure slowly washing away, amounted to relief on a cosmic, euphoric, orgasmic scale.

The relief and adrenaline of the situation combined within her and caused her legs to tremble. She spread her arms across the desk to support herself as she continued to piss, her legs buckling and causing streams to cascade into a new puddle. The back of her pencil-tight skirt was becoming absolutely soaked. Relishing in the sensations, her breath grew long and hard as she leaned against the wooden surface, closing her eyes while the cool mahogany pressed against her body.

The bliss continued for nearly a minute, although to Alisha it may as well have lasted for years on end. The torrent began to subside as she felt the last few trickles escape from her and drip down her soaked pantyhose. Finally, the hissing finished entirely, returning the office to its quiet calmness punctuated only by the rhythmic sound of dripping onto the now-saturated carpet and the faintest whisper of wind on the glass behind.

Alisha’s breath was heavy from the exertion of holding. She noticed her lips were dry from the constant panting she had been doing; she gently ran her tongue across them to give them moisture.

She tossed her hair behind her shoulders and slowly opened her eyes just as the sound of a doorknob being turned reached her ears.

###

Monday, January 20th, 2020

10:25 A.M.

The Oval Office

President Daniel Bennett was discussing the ongoing conflict situation in Eastern Syria with his military advisors when he entered the Oval and saw a young woman standing behind his desk.

The intern from earlier.

She was leaning against the Resolute Desk, her face flushed and partially obscured by strands of hair. It was difficult to tell from across the room, but her clothes looked disheveled and her forehead was coated with beads of perspiration. He stopped in the doorway as his eyes locked with hers. She returned the gaze, surprise and terror clearly displayed on her face.

“Ms. Collins?” he asked, blocking the view of the generals behind him. She opened her mouth as if to offer a reply, but her trembling lips gave only silence in return.

Bennett glanced around the room; everything looked to be exactly the way it was just minutes ago when he addressed the incoming interns. The snow continued to fall outside and the light continued to stream inside. The sunshine fell upon the lush carpet which also looked to be untouched, except….

“Admiral, let’s move this to the Situation Room,” he said, turning to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs and the other generals. “I’ll be down there in ten.”

“Of course, thank you, Mr. President,” the Chairman replied, obviously confused but not saying another word as he and the other top brass left.

“Tessa,” he added to his secretary seated just outside the office, “hold all calls for a few minutes, alright?”

“Yes, sir,” the secretary replied.

Bennett slowly walked through the doorway and closed the door behind him with a soft click. The bustling noise of the West Wing was masked by a familiar calm. “Miss Collins?” he asked again, softly. “Is everything alright?”

He continued forward into the center of the room. Stepping around the couches and coffee table, he moved toward the area of carpet that had caught his attention: amidst the sea of crystal-white fabric, a clearly dampened section – no bigger than a baseball, if that –was just noticeably a different color than the rest.

Bennett stopped just before the desk and placed his hands in his pockets. The young woman had her head bowed and remained silent. The room was still, apart from the faint ticking of the clock and even fainter sniffling from Alisha.

The president cleared his throat before whispering once more, “Alisha?”

Alisha finally raised her head toward Bennett, but her eyes, which by now were welling up with tears, continued to be focused on the desk in front of her. “Yes, Mr. President?” she said, barely above that of a whisper.

Bennett was relieved to hear her say something, anything. “Alisha, what’s wrong?”

Her lips quivered for a few seconds more before they managed to annunciate. “Sir,” she began but faltered immediately. “I-… I, um, was w-waiting for you, but…”

“Come around this side of the desk, let’s have a seat and talk,” he offered. He started to pull aside one of the chairs for her before realizing that she hadn’t moved an inch.

“Alisha, come have a seat,” he repeated, gently but firmly.

She audibly sighed before slowly walking around the wooden desk toward the president. As she walked forward Bennett’s view of Alisha changed. He was able to see the length of her skirt now. Halfway down, right in the center of the material, a noticeably darker patch of fabric hung heavy. He could see her pantyhose-clad legs. Dark, tanned streaks ran haphazardly down the inside of her thighs and around the back of her calves. He saw her heels; they glistened in the light of the room with an apparent sheen. With each new step, a faint, squishing sound could be heard and a wet footprint impression was left in the carpet.

The intern finally stood before the president, whose face displayed shock and confusion.

“Alisha?”

Her previously silent demeanor immediately transformed. “Oh Mr. President, I’m so sorry, I don’t know what to say, I waited for you just like you asked but I’ve had to use the toilet for ages and I didn’t get the chance to go when I got here and I couldn’t hold it anymore, I feel absolutely mortified and I promise I’ll pay for any cleaning costs and, and….” The rest trailed off into heavy sobs.

Bennett stepped forward and placed his hands on her shoulders. “Alisha, shhh, take a breath,” he whispered softly. “It’s okay, it’s alright. Tears have never been a solution to anything.”

She felt his hands gently massaging her shoulders, which helped calm her down somewhat. She eventually managed to get her sobs under control and stood there silently.

Bennett glanced down; her long, brown hair cascaded down the back of her silk blouse and ended just above the waist of her pencil-tight gray skirt. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed a few drops of liquid falling from its hem and pattering to the floor between her shoes. Being so close together he was able to smell her perfume as it drifted upward. He felt the young woman trembling beneath his touch as she finally looked upward, once more locking eyes with him. He was the president, she a brand-new intern. The uncertainty, the expectation, the vulnerability were palpable.

The sight of Alisha standing before him in such a state was unlike anything he had experienced. The surprise had melted into intrigue and was now taking on the familiar sparks of longing and lust. Her gaze was entrancing, pulling him inward…

“Mr. President?” Her words, though whispered, snapped him from his trance. He refocused his mind, making sure his face didn’t betray his inner thoughts.

“Alright, let’s figure out what we can do about this,” he announced, breaking away from Alisha and heading around behind the desk. He pressed a button on the telephone. “Tessa, would you come in here for a moment, please?”

Bennett noticed Alisha’s face blushing with a renewed crimson. “Don’t worry, Tessa is my private secretary. If I can trust her to keep top-level state secrets, I can trust her discretion with this,” he reassured her. Her face showed the slightest of smiles in return.

The door opened and in walked the president’s secretary. She looked at the scene and displayed her own version of surprise before turning toward the president. “Yes, sir?”

“Tessa, I need you to do a few things for me. I want you to call a cab for Ms. Collins here and show her to my private office while she waits. I’ll also need you to cancel any meetings I have in here for the remainder of the day. And call the White House Curator about having the Oval cleaned as quickly as possible.”

“Of course, Mr. President,” Tessa replied, walking toward Alisha and gently guiding her toward one of the side doors along the wall. “Right this way, sweetheart,” she added comfortingly. Alisha started gingerly walking toward the door, her skirt and shoes continuing to leave a trail of drips behind her. Tessa followed, awkwardly avoiding the spots herself.

Once she reached the door, Alisha slowly turned back toward Bennett. “Mr. President, I really don’t know what to say,” she spoke softly, her voice cracking with emotion, glancing at the ground at her feet. “I’m speechless. I’m so incredibly sorry for all this. I’ll leave my badge on the way out.”

“And why would you do that?” he asked.

“Well… I mean, after this… I assumed there’s no way you’d want me in the building….”

“Alisha, the reason I wanted to speak with you earlier is that you seem to be a confident and professional intern, and I’ve not seen any indication as to why that is no longer the case besides a little accident,” he smiled. “I’d very much like you to stay on and serve your country here in the White House.”

Alisha blushed once more. “It’d be an honor, Mr. President. Thank you so very much.”

“Of course. Now go take the rest of the day off. I want to see you bright and early tomorrow morning.”

Tessa led the intern through the door and closed it behind her, leaving the president standing at his desk to be alone with his thoughts. He glanced downward, only then noticing that the carpet he was standing on was absolutely soaked in pee. He quietly sat down in his chair and observed the puddle below.

Yes, of course he wanted the young woman to stay in the program for her dedication and demeanor. But more than that, never in his lifetime had he ever been so entranced by something, especially such an otherwise off-putting event as someone pissing herself. He knew deep down that he should feel disgusted and infuriated about the whole situation; he hadn’t been president for more than four hours now and already had his office unusable, and the lightly-yellow puddle at his feet had definitely stained the carpet permanently.

But despite that, he couldn’t erase the sight of the intern stood before him, her legs absolutely drenched, her skirt dripping with pee, her face turning a deep shade of red, knowing that whatever it was, it had awakened something in the 46th President of the United States.

###

Monday, January 20th, 2020

12:00 P.M.

Downtown Washington, D.C.

Just over an hour after the most embarrassing moment of her life, Alisha was headed back to her apartment in a taxi, crawling through the snow-strewn streets of Washington at a snail’s pace. The driver, upon seeing the state of her skirt and legs, had nearly refused to let her in the cab before she handed him all the cash she had left in her wallet. The balding man begrudgingly accepted the fare and she climbed into the vehicle, awkwardly shifting her position on the sodden fabric beneath her butt.

Mortified beyond belief, she wanted nothing more than to get home as fast as humanly possible, but on a day like this it seemed she couldn’t even have that. The street was shrouded in whipping, blinding snowfall which obscured the crimson taillights of the traffic ahead. The sidewalks were barren apart from one or two brave souls bundled against the frigid weather. Alisha’s eyes glanced at the scene in front, then at her watch, before sighing heavily and sinking deeper into her seat. Her pantyhose were still quite damp and clung coldly to her legs. Her eyeliner was streaked with tears from earlier, and her hair was blown into a wild disarray.

As the minutes ticked by she realized that she had been unconsciously bobbing her legs together rhythmically. Once she noticed this she quickly became aware as to the reason, as she sensed an all-too-familiar feeling building behind her waistband.

No fucking way. Not again.

Her eyes darted to the almost-finished bottle of water resting next to her on the seat. She felt the beginnings of an unmistakable urge to pee, crossing one leg over the other in response. She wasn’t desperate, not yet at least, but with the traffic moving at such a sluggish pace she couldn’t help but feel concerned.

“So how much longer do you think this’ll take?” she called up to the driver as nonchalantly as possible, subtly recrossing her legs and rubbing the back of her calves.

The driver looked at her through the rearview mirror. “Don’t know. To be honest I’m not sure how long it’ll take to get to the next block.”

“Any chance you can go a bit faster? I’ll pay extra.” She didn’t like the prospect of being stuck in the middle of downtown without knowing where the nearest toilet was.

“Yeah, sure thing love. Let me just hop the curb here and drive through the convention center, we’ll be there in no time.”

What a dick.

“Look, I’m already paying a ton for this ride, just get me home asap,” she huffed, turning her attention toward her phone to distract herself from her growing need.

Over the next 30 minutes, the cab had made its way through the busiest area of downtown and was slowly but surely making its way toward the northwest quadrant. Despite nearly sliding off the road twice and needing to take alternate routes, the journey was nearing its conclusion. And yet for Alisha, the experience seemed to be dragging on way too long. After the exhaustion of wetting herself earlier, her muscles were much weaker and she was having trouble holding back the second growing urge in her bladder. She found herself crossing and recrossing her legs constantly and placing a hand against her crotch whenever she was sure the driver wasn’t looking back at her. She softly bit her bottom lip to stifle any sounds of growing desperation.

How the hell could this be happening to me twice in one day? she thought. This is ridiculous, how absolutely crap can one day get?

The cab was only minutes away now from her apartment and she was determined to make it this time. She honestly couldn’t care less if anyone saw her holding herself at this point, just as long as she was able to sit on an actual toilet and relieve her tired bladder. Her legs scisssored against each other, up and down, up and down, as her right hand clutched her pussy and her left gripped the door handle, ready to sprint to her front door as soon as the vehicle parked. The driver looked at her in the mirror.

“Look, you’ve already soaked my seats with your wet clothes, if you piss in here you’ll be paying for the reupholstering,” he warned.

“Won’t be necessary if you fucking step on it,” she hissed back, her forehead once again coated in sweat. She was close to panicking; she knew it was only a matter of minutes before she lost control again.

The driver mercifully complied and double-timed it the last few blocks until they finally parked outside the apartment complex. The car had barely stopped rolling before she was desperately pulling at the handle to get out.

“How do I get out?!” she begged frantically.

“Easy!” the man shouted, “you’ll break the handle off!” He shifted into park and the doors automatically unlocked, allowing Alisha to finally escape and step directly into a snowbank along the curbside.

She trudged through the frigid snow and ice which engulfed her heels, barely holding back a torrent of pee from leaking out in the process. Hobbling up the walkway to the building entrance, she dug in her handbag for her identification card and apartment key, shivering intensely from the subzero temperatures and from the effort of not pissing herself. She finally made it inside the building and pranced toward to the elevators, rapidly pressing the call button as she stepped feverishly from one foot to the other. The elevators took an eternity here, and Alisha truly doubted whether she could make it after all the waiting she already had done. At long last, the elevator doors opened with a beautiful ding and she scampered inside, jamming the number four and waiting for the doors to close again before furiously grabbing herself with all her might. This was going to be a record-breaking close call she was sure of it.

Seconds later the elevator opened on her floor. Leaving behind all semblance of dignity, she buried her hand in her crotch as she full-on sprinted to her apartment, feeling spurts of pee leaking into her palm and dripping through her fingers. She couldn’t wait anymore, it was now or never. She desperately worked her key into the lock and heard the satisfying click of the door unlocking.

Must. Pee. Must. Pee.

Alisha nearly somersaulted into the living room. The place was silent; her roommate, Emily, was apparently braving the elements somewhere. She slammed the door behind her, kicked off her heels, and ran the final stretch to the bathroom down the hall. She yanked open the bathroom door and shut it behind her just as her bladder accepted the second defeat of the day. A deluge of piss blasted into her still-damp panties, running down her legs in full-force and quickly collecting at her feet. She gasped in sheer relief. The toilet was now too far away to be worth the added mess, so she simply hopped into the bathtub next to the door, removed her hand from her pussy, tilted her head back, and let go.

The panic and desperation gave way to the same feelings of orgasmic euphoria she had felt in the Oval Office. She sighed as over a liter of pale-yellow liquid cascaded from between her legs, streaming over her thighs all the way down to her feet and meandering toward the drain. The gusset of her panties was soaked to the point where it couldn’t hold a single extra drop of pee, becoming a translucent barrier between her pussy and the crotch of her pantyhose from which the liquid passed through unabated. The sensations were overwhelming her, and she subconsciously bore down to force her bladder to empty with as much pressure as she could manage.

Her breath once again ran rough and ragged, quickly turning into pants of sheer ecstasy. The warmth she felt against her clit was spreading outward, tingling her core and reaching upward to her breasts. Her hands moved across her body, tracing the erect outline of her nipples behind the fabric of her blouse with her right and brushing a finger against her moist lips with the left. Glancing in the mirror across the room, her face had taken on a deep blush and her pupils dilated with lust and longing. These signs were very much familiar to her, too, and it wasn’t long before she was moaning and panting on the crest of the strongest orgasm she had felt in years.

Alisha didn’t know why her two accidents in one day were turning her on so much. But in that moment it didn’t matter as her legs buckled and she sank to her knees, as she rode wave after wave of bliss, as piss continued to soak the back of her skirt, as her eyes closed and her smile widened, knowing that whatever it was, it had awakened something in the 22-year-old female intern....

To be continued (for real this time)...

