Brandon and Eileen on the beach at night

Author: Lurking07

*000*2025-01-19 19:58

Brandon and Eileen made their way down the deserted beach, each carrying a six pack of beer. Although it was late, a nearly-full moon reflected off the placid ocean, and they could see quite clearly. They scanned up and down the sand to ensure they were alone, though they knew it was unlikely any tourists would come this far up the beach at night. It was miles away from the boardwalk or any of the rental cottages. That was exactly why they had chosen this spot.

"Shall we sit on the lifeguard stand?" Eileen asked. She was a tall, slim girl in her late twenties with shoulder-length, chestnut brown hair. Though her words sounded nonchalant, her eyes were bright with excitement.

"Sure, let's." Brandon agreed. He was of a similar age and shared his girlfriend's tall, athletic figure, but he had gently curling sandy blond hair. He reached up to put his six-pack on the tall wooden stand, then climbed up easily to the platform and sat on the bench. Eileen followed suit, and they each opened a bottle of beer.

"Cheers." Eileen said with a small laugh, and they began to drink.

They each finished the first bottle quickly, and a few minutes later both opened a second. This one they took a bit longer to drink, sipping casually as they chatted aimlessly. By the time they were halfway through their fourth beer each Eileen looked at her boyfriend with a grin.

"Doing alright there babe?" she asked, eyeing his knee. For the last few minutes he had been bouncing it in a fast, jerky rhythm.

"I'm definitely starting to feel it. And how about you?" Brandon replied, nodding towards Eileen's own legs, which were crossed in a not-so-casual way.

"Same. Why don't we get down?"

They clambered back down from the stand with much less grace than they had climbed up it, both because of their tipsiness and the sensation that was getting more noticeable by the minute.

Once they were back on the sand, Eileen crossed her legs again and leaned forward slightly, draining her beer as she did.

"Damn. Yeah, I definitely need to pee."

"Me too." Brandon finished his beer as well.

"How bad?"

Brandon considered for a moment. His feet were planted firmly in the sand, and he was subtly squeezing his thighs together.

"Pretty bad, but I'm not desperate yet."

"Well then," Eileen said with a mischievous glint in her eye, "I think we'd better have another beer."

They each cracked open a fifth bottle, and cheers again before chugging it. As Brandon bent down to set his empty bottle in the sand, he winced slightly as his full bladder was compressed. He thought about holding himself, but reasoned that he didn't actually need to yet. But damn would it feel good to give himself just a quick squeeze.

Once she set her own empty bottle down, Eileen uncrossed her legs, but leaned forward even further and began bouncing slightly. Brandon watched her in a slightly drunken stupor, enjoying the sight of her ass, before he had an idea.

"I think it's time we lose some clothes."

Eileen stopped her bouncing and looked over at Brandon with a smile. Without a word, she swiftly pulled her top off. Although this wasn't what Brandon had in mind, as he'd been thinking about her ass, he certainly wasn't going to complain about seeing his girlfriend topless. Especially since she wasn't wearing a bra.

As enticing as her chest looked, Brandon's eyes were drawn further down Eileen's abdomen, where a sizeable bulge had appeared between her hip bones. In fact, the waistband of her jean shorts was noticeably digging into it.

"Damn baby, you do have to go."

Eileen laughed, but even as she did she gave a slight moan.

"Uhhnn. I really do," she said, crossing her legs again and resuming her bouncing. "But fair is fair. Take it off babe."

Brandon pulled his own shirt over his head. As he raised his arms, he became even more aware of his full bladder in his abdomen. Unconsciously, his hand reached toward his dick, before he realized what he was doing and pulled it back. Eileen had obviously seen though.

"Something you need to do with that hand Brandon?"

Brandon put his hands resolutely at his side, and settled for shuffling his legs back and forth. He shook his head.

"Not yet. I mean, I definitely want to hold myself, but I'm going to wait until I really need to." He smiled at Eileen, although his discomfort made it look more like a grimace. "I want this to last."

Eileen smiled back, even as she bounced ever more frantically.

"Me too. Which is why I need to get these shorts off, they're constricting my bladder." She unbuttoned and unzipped the shorts, giving a sigh of relief as she did so. Brandon swore he could see her bladder expand into the extra space she had given it. She must be getting really desperate.

The thought brought his own increasing desperation back to the forefront of his mind, and before he realized what he was doing he had grabbed his cock and given it a firm squeeze. As good as it felt, he quickly let go and instead pressed his legs tightly together as he began fumbling with his belt.

"Damn. I didn't mean to do that. I better get my shorts off too." He gave his own sigh of relief as the belt came free and he undid his own button and zip, stiffly stepping out of his shorts once they fell around his ankles.

Brandon and Eileen stood on the beach in only their underwear. Well, Brandon stood, his legs shuffling ever more frantically as his feet remained planted in the sand. His hand continued to grab for his dick, although each time he stopped himself before he could actually grasp it. He was definitely desperate now.

All the while, he never took his eyes off Eileen. She was doing a pee dance, crossing her legs and dropping into small curtseys, uncrossing her legs and stepping from side to side, bending forward and bouncing that glorious ass.

"Fuck baby. I've gotta go. I've really gotta go. God, I need to pee so bad." Eileen babbled. She wasn't usually quite so vocal, but the alcohol had made her more chatty, and Brandon was thoroughly enjoying it. However, all her talk about how much she needed to pee was not helping take his mind off his own desperate need. His bladder pounded angrily, so full and heavy. He rubbed a hand across it, feeling how much it bulged out. Looking back at Eileen, he saw her own bulge seemed even bigger than before, and he suddenly desperately wanted to touch it.

"Eileen. Can I feel you?" he asked.

She knew what he meant. She nodded, then said, "Underwear off first." She awkwardly shimmied her panties down her hips while continuing her pee dance.

Brandon started to slide his own boxer briefs down, but as he bent forward to kick them off, his bladder gave a particularly angry spasm, and he grasped his hand around his cock with a groan.

"Uhhnnn... Okay, that time I actually needed to hold myself," he said, giving himself a few more squeezes. Fuck, he had to piss.

"Babe. You're so hot," Eileen said. Her legs were still tightly crossed and she was leaning forward in desperation, but she'd stopped her dance to focus her gaze on Brandon. "Tell me how bad you have to go."

He knew she wanted an authentic description, no more and no less.

"I'm really bursting. I feel so fucking full. My bladder feels completely taut, filled with so much piss. It would feel amazing to pee it all out, but I'm going to keep holding it. I'm going to keep holding this huge, heavy bladder until the last possible second, right until the pee forces its way out." He was gripping his dick again. He looked at Eileen. He couldn't see her bladder since she was bent over, and he was overcome by a desire to know exactly how full she was.

"Can I touch you now?"

Eileen gave a slight start, seeming to come out of a reverie. She tore her eyes away from his midsection, then gave a slight gasp and darted her hand between her legs.

"Ooooh. That was close. Ohhh my god, I need to pee, I need to go so fucking bad, I've gotta piss!" Eileen jigged in place a few moments, her hand still firmly clamped between her legs, before getting ahold of herself.

"Damn, I really don't know if I've ever been this desperate before. All I can think about is how much I need to pee." She looked up at Brandon with a soft smile and said "Come here baby. Come feel how bad I have to go."

Gingerly, Brandon stepped up behind Eileen. He'd resigned himself to the fact he needed to hold his cock to keep himself under control, but he wanted to be as close as possible to his girl. He put his other hand on her hip and pulled her against him. He pushed his dick firmly against her ass, canting his hips forward while leaning his torso back slightly so his bladder wasn't squished against her back. He slowly let go of his dick, and while it twitched a few times in desperation, the pressure helped him hold. The friction was also getting him hard, as Eileen continued to squirm against him.

Gently, he reached his hand around her front, while leaning his head forward over her shoulder. He pulled her back so he could see past her breasts, then gasped. He'd never seen Eileen's bladder so big before. It looked like she had a cantaloupe beneath her skin, jutting starkly from between her hip bones. He whispered his fingers up the contours of her bulge, marveling at how firm it felt. Eileen took a sharp breath and squirmed even more for a few seconds, but she breathed out, "Don't stop," so he didn't.

Softly, so softly, he spread his hand over her bladder, feeling as much of her bulge as he could. He didn't push or apply pressure, merely explored the hard, heavy orb with his fingers and palm. She was simply full to the brim. Her bladder was as tight as he'd ever felt it, without any give to the organ. He swore he could almost feel it contracting beneath his hand, trying to force Eileen to release the absolute ocean she was containing inside.

"Oh my god, baby," he breathed into her ear. "You're unbelievably full. You must be so, so bursting. You must need to pee more than you ever have before. I can't even imagine how much you must want to let go, and piss, and pissss..." Eileen had her head leaned back against his shoulder, and was moaning and whining softly in need- both from desire, and desperation to pee. But this last word was just too much, and she squirmed away from Brandon, bent forward with her hand buried beneath her legs.

As soon as the pressure from her ass was gone, Brandon's hand shot down to his dick. He was still hard, but he leaned forward and gritted his teeth as his bladder pulsed and pounded.

"Uhhnnn.... fuck...." he moaned, trying to get himself under control. He honestly felt close to bursting.

Eileen was still bouncing slightly while holding herself, but she hadn't missed Brandon's display of desperation.

"Poor babe, you're trying so hard to hold it all in," she said. Despite her own desperation, she had an eager look on her face. "I want to feel you now. Can I?"

Brandon nodded, and as Eileen approached he asked, "Will you help me hold?"

Eileen stopped in front of him. She was still holding herself tightly, and her legs were shuffling back and forth with increasing speed.

"I honestly don't know if I can. But I want to try."

She moved behind Brandon, in a reverse of the position they had been in a few minutes earlier. She crossed her legs tightly, then took a deep breath and slowly removed her hand from between her legs. She immediately whined and performed a few more curtseys.

"Goddamn, I need to pee. I gotta fucking GO, holy shit...." Eileen muttered. She continued to jiggle up against Brandon's back, but both her hands were now free. She snaked her left hand around his front and wrapped her hand around Brandon's, holding his cock. He released his grip, and Eileen tightened her hold. He gave a slight groan, and he truly wasn't sure if it was out of desire for Eileen or desire to piss.

"I'm trusting you to hold for me baby. I'm so fucking desperate, but you gotta help me hold it all in."

"Oh my god... Brandon, it's so big and hard...." Eileen said rather breathlessly. At first Brandon thought she was referring to his cock, which was indeed rock hard in his girlfriend's hand, but as he turned his head to look at her, he saw her gaze was directed elsewhere. She was staring slightly above his dick at his bladder, and Brandon understood immediately what she meant.

His bladder looked absolutely huge. Brandon was a slim guy, and his normally flat abdomen was bulging out nearly the size of a bowling ball. Eileen spread her hand over the protrusion as wide as she could, but even with her long fingers she couldn't span his bulge. Brandon shuddered slightly under her touch, but she tightened her grip on his cock to give him a few reassuring squeezes as her other hand continued to gently rub her boyfriend's massive bladder bulge.

Brandon could feel Eileen bouncing behind him and taking little frantic breaths, even as she said, "Holy shit babe, how much are you holding in there? You must be completely bursting...I bet you have to go so bad..."

"So bad..." Brandon repeated. He was definitely drunk, and Eileen's proximity was making it even harder to think clearly. But one thing was clear in his mind, since he simply could not ignore the sensation. "I need to go so bad. I need to pee so much. God, I've gotta fucking go....."

"I know you do baby, I can feel how full you are. God, your bladder is so big, I can feel it brimming with piss..." Even as she spoke, Eileen's bouncing grew even more frenetic, and she gave a low whine.

"Brandon... I'm gonna need my hand back now. You're not the only one bursting for a pee."

She let go of his dick and returned her hand to between her own legs. Brandon immediately grabbed himself as he started his own rapid leg jiggling. His bladder was trying to push out the mammoth amount of piss it was containing, and Brandon groaned as he gingerly rested his other hand atop the swollen organ. Eileen was right, it was completely hard to the touch, bulging out between his hips like a great round dome. He could hardly believe he was holding so much inside of him.

He was quickly distracted by Eileen, who now seemed absolutely frantic. She had both hands between her legs and was twisting them back and forth, occasionally pausing to bend forward and curtsey. She was breathing in little high pitched gasps, punctuated by nonsense phrases: "I've gotta- I'm gonna- God, I need to- I'm fucking bursting- holy shit-"

Brandon gave a low moan and furiously massaged his cock. He was so, so fucking full, and he felt like he was going to start spraying pee any moment. But Eileen was obviously about to lose it, and he wasn't going to miss that for anything. He also knew she would want to be fully focused on him when he did finally let go.

Despite the fact that she was clearly moments from bursting, Brandon offered his girl encouragement. "You can hold it baby- keep it in, don't give up yet-"

Eileen continued to breath in hard gasps, and she started giving slight groans as well. "Uhhnn... baby, I've gotta go- I need to fucking pee- ah- I can't hold it- I can't- I can't- Oh my god-"

Eileen gasped as she pulled her hand from between her legs and moved her feet slightly apart. As soon as she let go, pee shot out from her, hitting the sand with a loud hiss. Eileen moaned with relief as she pissed full force into the sand. Brandon had both hands wrapped around his dick and was shifting wildly from foot to foot. It was taking almost everything he had not to give in, and Eileen was still going. Brandon kept thinking she had to finish soon, but Eileen kept peeing. Her stream hadn't died down at all, and despite his desperation Brandon was impressed.

"Holy shit babe, how much were you holding? Are you ever going to stop pissing?"

Eileen gave another low moan of relief as she rubbed her deflating bladder.

"I've never been so fucking full in my life... it felt like I was holding the entire Atlantic in there..."

Brandon winced and increased the speed of his shifting. He could thoroughly relate.

Finally, finally, after over a minute, Eileen was empty. She gave a deep, satisfied sigh, before her eyes zeroed in on Brandon, both hands in a vice grip on his cock, frantically stepping from foot to foot.

"Well shit love, you look like you're about to pop. You gonna go now?"

Brandon groaned. Everything in him said Yes, go now! He imagining how good it would feel to pee, to let go of his tension and release all the pressure in his bladder onto the sand. But he knew that wasn't really what he wanted. Not quite yet.

"No." Brandon shook his head. "I said I was gonna hang on til the last second, and that's what I'm gonna do. I can hold it just a bit longer."

"Well in that case." Eileen grinned. Brandon knew she never wanted him to do anything he didn't truly want to do, but she loved it when he chose to keep holding. And honestly, so did he. "I'll just enjoy the show then. You look so sexy desperate like this."

Brandon stopped his pee dance in favor of shuffling his legs again and rhythmically squeezing his cock. He could feel the piss sloshing in his bladder, the massive bulge protruding hugely between his hips. He moaned as his bladder contracted again, but managed to keep it all inside. His breathing was getting labored as he battled with his body.

"Fuck, I'm gonna lose it. I'm busting, I've gotta piss so bad- nnggghh-" he groaned as his bladder once again sharply insisted he empty it. "Ahhh... I've gotta go. I need to go. Holy shit I have to piss! I've gotta go- I've gotta go- oh my god I need to fucking PEE-"

As the last word left his mouth, Brandon let go of his dick and widened his stance. Piss erupted from him like a fountain the moment he removed his hands, and he held them loosely at his sides as pee freely poured from him. He gave a long, low moan of relief as he continued pissing like a firehose into the sand. As with Eileen, the pee just kept coming, his stream as strong as the moment he'd let loose. For once, Eileen was silent, simply watching him wide-eyed as he flooded the sand around him.

After nearly a minute, still pissing full-force, Brandon caught Eileen's eye. He sighed in relief and said, "Goddamn did I need this piss."

Eileen laughed at that, but continued to watch him pee with laser focus. "I can see that."

Brandon pissed for nearly 90 seconds before he was finally empty. He gave another deep sigh of relief and satisfaction before walking over to Eileen and pulling her close. She turned her face up to his and kissed him deeply. When they broke apart, she was beaming.

"Babe. I think that was our best hold yet!"

