Greg and the meaning of potty training

Author: lmhawk

*000*2017-08-29 21:50

Hello! This is the first story I've posted here. I wrote this all in one go, and it's sort of flash fiction/drabbley, but it's the one omorashi piece I've finished so far, so I thought I'd post it for your reading pleasure. Enjoy.

Greg was totally potty trained. Okay so he wet his bed every night and wore diapers for it. That didn't count. Nighttime was seperate. And if he pooped when he was asleep more often then not, well that fell under the same category. And okay, he never noticed that he needed to go until he was desperate. He still realized and acted accordingly. And okay he didn't always make it. Everyone had accidents sometimes. And so what if he had to pee really badly every forty-five minutes or so, and had to poop at least ten times every day? That had nothing to do with whether or not he was potty trained.

That was how his body worked. And okay maybe he wore pull-ups, even though he was in high school, but he was just being overly careful. He still always used the toilet. Or at least tried. And being potty trained meant knowing when you needed to use the bathroom and willing to go. If you didn't make it, that was because your classroom was too far away from the bathroom, or you teacher wouldn't let you leave in time. And okay, maybe Greg needed to change his pull-up at least three times every school day, and usually more. It wasn't Greg's fault that circumstances conspired against him. He was totally potty trained.

