Tiny Stories and Poems (of Desperation!)

Author: BurstingBunnie

*000*2018-11-11 20:25

Hey there!

This is a thread for tiny desperation ideas! Things you can read in a few seconds but that put very sexy ideas in your head!

I don't know how many of you knew holdingit.minuteboard? There are a fair few users on here that are also on there, and made content for it before it sadly went down. It's still available in parts through the waybackmachine, so it's not all bad, but still... it had a thread that I adored called "lines of desperation", started by the user Rexone312. It's just full of tiny little stories, though it did go off-topic and delve into longer ones at points, but most of it is really easy to digest chunks of very, very sexy desperation. It's often extreme stuff too, with unrealistic hold times and large bladders, which is what I love!

https://web.archive.org/web/20171205040050/http://holdingit.minuteboard.com:80/m/b/a/showtopic.html?topicid=70357&amp;start=0

You might also be aware of some other omorashi poetry already on the site, such as this topic by Sunflower:

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed5764738765" scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:247px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/19922-poetry/?do=embed"

Or this more recent one by SecretPerson, which is what inspired me to make this topic after talking with him:

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed8358885858" scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:247px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/41027-some-omo-poems/?do=embed"

Okay! So now that all that backstory is out of the way, I'm going to be posting some of my own tiny stories here, as well as some of the ones from users on holdingit.minuteboard, where I can I'll get permission to do so, but I would like to have a current archive of this stuff as the site was taken down! I don't want to take credit for any of these works, only put them up somewhere so more people can enjoy them again!

One last thing: This Topic is for DESPERATION! If you want to make one about wetting stories or fear accidents, please do so! I'm really only interested in the holding, and wanted to make a topic for those, like me, who miss holdingit.minuteboard and this thread in particular.

So, without anymore exposition, feel free to give writing some of these a go!

*001*2018-11-11 20:31

Oh! I'll actually start this off with some examples by Rexone312, who doesn't use this site and I hope will be fine with this!

---

Not Even at Home 1 -

Her eyes brimmed with tears and bladder screamed with pain - when her little cousin sister fell asleep over her rock hard overfilled bladder already squished under the undersized jeans. She covered her mouth before a cry escaped and her mother would have heard. Had it not been for her mother she would have let the litres of pee out hours ago.

But her mother warned her not to relieve herself till the guests left because that's what a lady does.

Only if her mother realized - she had forgotten to let her daughter use the bathroom since the last few days.

Only if her mother realized - the guests were planning to extend their stay. .

Only if. . .

Not Even at Home 2 -

After she failed in her graduation exam, her mother requested the college authorities to enroll her in special recovery classes. She was never allowed to leave the classroom, even during the lunch time. Naturally she came home frantic for the toilet. But her mother kept the bathroom doors locked.

The instructions were clear: Only studies - no breaks - not even bathroom breaks.

She now sits in the drawing room, bouncing and squirming , longing for a relief. She shuddered looking at the bathroom door which was accessible only to her sisters and her mother. It was just day 2 and she had no idea how she would cope with her mother's strict 'NO-BATHROOM'policy throughout the year. . .

Not in front of his Friends -

Tears formed in her eyes, as she forced her tired muscles to hold the liters of pee. She was newly married.

She was out with him and other couples who happened to be her husband's friend.

Before they were leaving her husband strictly warned her not to make any fuss about bathroom breaks. There would not be any.

So here she was, holding 17 hours worth of pee with nearly 3 litres of intake, getting ready for the ride back home, longingly looking at the door of the toilets as every one returns from there relaxed. Lies in front of her a 5 hour non stop journey with lots of beer to be downed.

Untitled 1 -

She heroically held her pee all day at office just like her boyfriend. They both loved holding it and it was the part of their daily routine.

Today she however wanted to pee. But when she finally reached the bathroom at her place she came out running. There was a huge spider over the lid.

She had tears in her eyes and nearly squat over the floor. He lifted her despite his own bladder screaming for relief and took her upstairs.

He then whispered to her, " I had kept the spider on the lid. its just a dummy."

She was shocked and tried to come out of his grip.

"No hon! You lost your only chance to pee. Now we both hold the entire weekend. "

And it was just Friday night. . .

----

All of these, again, were written by Rexone312. Check out his blog for more of his longer stories: http://life-without-toilets.blogspot.com/

*005*2018-11-15 19:58

It's about time I actually posted something here I guess! Here are a few scribbles I wrote while on the train the other day~

--

The Idol -

Piss frothed painfully in her distended bladder. She was a gorgeous pop star, in the prime of her career and her talent. Her voice made everyone melt, she was beyond gorgeous; with her tight ass, her firm breasts, her curvaceous body... She was the envy and lustful daydream of anyone who saw her.

Yet now she was nursing a third curve, a deadly time bomb within her lower midsection. It was a bursting load of hot piss, withheld for several days already as her world tour wore on and on and on. Endlessly torturing her and her quivering, tightly crossed legs. In the dressing room before the biggest show of them all, she begged for a break, tear brimmed in her eyes, but they were already behind schedule!

Oh fuck, whose idea was it to travel the entire globe in such a short time! They had left no space for bathroom breaks! There was no way she could protest, of course... because a true idol can always contain her waters. No matter how great the ocean becomes. Behind her clenched pussy, her quivering labia, her bladder walls quaked. As her back teeth began to float, she realised it was going to be a long few months.

The Dragon's Gold -

Every dragon has a hoard, but not every hoard of gold is the same. It had been centuries since she had stirred, since she had tended to her hoard, to her building, high pressure, ocean of perfect gold. The mighty dragon grunted and clenched, her hind legs together, her pussy as huge as an elephant was quivering with urgency, and her gargantuan, distended bladder held enough golden water to drown a small continent. Every couple of hundred years she would rise, she would swallow a lake, a third of an ocean, a thousand gallons in one gulp… then she would return to her sleep.

She would never piss. She could never piss. For tens of thousands of years she had held, and yet it would never be enough. There have been thousands of heroes who had tried to break her. Who had supplied her with diuretics beyond belief, or potions designed to double the urine within her over and over for all eternity. She endured it all, as her bladder swelled. Though she was small for a dragon, she knew she could make up for it with her control. Though she was only the size of a football field... she held within her a universe of piss. One that she would never release. A hoard of gold that would remain for millennia, she would squirm, hold her crotch and grunt… she would hold it. Eternally. It was her legacy.

Eternal Life -

One hundred percent of people who have pissed when their bladder is full, have ended up growing old. It was a dark cult that worked out the secret to eternal life was simply to hold it in for good.

Those beautiful women. Forever young. Forever solemn and teary eyed. Forever nursing a distended bladder and a twitching piss hole. Eternity has just begun, but they’re going to explode.

Queuing -

There was a queue for the only bathroom around, a prison sentence for those who lost it in their pants, and no privacy to release anywhere else. It was simple really, the toilet opens once every hour, and one person can enter. One person can piss. One person can leave, and often not having fully emptied themselves due to the thirty second pissing time limit.

It has been all day waiting in the ponderous line, and Emily is seeing stars in the daytime. She is humping her hands for any small amount of extra control she can gain. She’s set to burst, bladder stretched tight, she can’t remember the last time it was emptied. When the day ends she is only one person away from her release, but the toilet is closed for the night. The woman who locks it has chains on her pants, and a grotesquely swollen bladder. She looks at Emily with sympathy... She can try again tomorrow. But tomorrow she’s going to be at the back of the line again.

A Princess Must be Pure -

There once was a Princess who refused to piss during her stay in a cell. She had been kidnapped and contained for days, and the jailers knew her bladder was full. They wanted to see her shame herself, they wanted to watch and laugh as that distended piss bump burst. The Princess had to refuse them. Her only source of relief was a dirty, horrible hole in the ground, and not worthy of a lady’s release. It smelled of a sewer... Nothing so foul smelling should ever come to close to a princess’ private parts. So she held it and waited to be saved, despite her demanded gallon of daily fluid intake, she held it like a strong and ladylike maiden should. She kept herself clean and pure.

Once two weeks had passed and she was saved, she tried not to weep yellow tears as the brave knight brought her home, squeezing her bladder as he did. She excused herself, composed as ever till the very end, to visit her room for some rest. Yet once she squatted over her privy, she realised… the piss within her distended bladder had fermented so long, it was a frothing dark orange in hue, and it stank so strongly of ammonia that it made her dizzy when just one drip was allowed release. Now that the piss itself was filthy, was vile smelling and fetid, she could not allow it to desecrate her pure and sacred womanhood.

Resolute in this decision, she grimly stood from the chamber pot and returned her panties and dress to their public positions. She left her room to greet the masses. Knowing she can never piss again now.

A single tear is all that remains on her chamber pot, which now lays in the garbage heap.

--

That's all for now! I've loved all the contributions so far, thanks so much!

Also, if anyone wanted to write any poop desperation stories, feel free! Just hide them under a spoiler so as not to put off anyone who isn't interested!

Thank you all!

- Lapiss

