Sadie's Lululemon Crisis: The Price of Bullying

Author: Lexi

*000*2025-02-10 23:51

Title: "Sadie's Lululemon Crisis: The Price of Bullying"

Sadie Carter had always been the girl everyone loved to hate. With her perfect blonde hair, sparkling smile, and an air of superiority, she strutted around like she owned the world. A cheerleader at the top of the pyramid, a member of the most exclusive sorority, and an all-around bully, Sadie lived for the moment when she could make someone feel small. Freshmen, in particular, were her favorite target. And this year, Aimee Anderson, a shy, timid freshman, had unfortunately earned her place as Sadie’s latest victim.

Aimee, who had never experienced anything like the social jungle that was college, had found herself an unwilling servant to Sadie, who took great pleasure in making her run errands, fetch drinks, and perform menial tasks for her amusement. But today, Aimee would get her revenge.

It was the morning of the study abroad trip, and all 30 students were at the airport, buzzing with excitement for the 12-hour flight ahead. Sadie, clad in her brand-new, eye-catching Lululemon leggings, was already holding court with a group of friends, flashing her perfectly manicured nails and talking about the latest gossip. Her golden aura made her seem untouchable.

As the group sat waiting to board, Sadie, in typical fashion, turned to Aimee, who had been standing nearby, and flashed her a smile. It was the kind of smile that made your skin crawl.

“Aimee, I need a coffee,” Sadie ordered haughtily, as if Aimee were her personal servant. “But make sure it’s almond milk, okay? You know, because I’m lactose intolerant—don’t want to have another embarrassing accident. Ugh, the last time I had dairy I was stuck in the bathroom for hours. That’s how it is when you’re too perfect to be careful about your health.”

Aimee nodded, trying to keep her temper in check. She knew this moment would come, the moment when Sadie’s endless torment would finally meet its consequence. This was it.

“Of course,” Aimee replied, masking the smirk that was threatening to break through. She made her way to the coffee shop, determined to play her hand with precision.

When she arrived at the counter, she ordered a coffee and took a moment to examine the options. Sadie would never suspect a thing. Aimee glanced around before her eyes landed on the little container of powdered laxative. It was a bold move, but Sadie had gone too far. The idea of a simple act of revenge became irresistible. With a steady hand, Aimee sprinkled the powder into the coffee, mixing it in carefully. She added the whole milk, just to make sure it looked like the harmless beverage Sadie would expect.

Aimee’s heart raced with the thrill of it all as she carefully returned to the table, where Sadie was now scrolling through her phone, clearly oblivious to the storm brewing. She handed the steaming cup to Sadie, who took it without hesitation.

"Here you go," Aimee said sweetly, her voice sugar-coated. "One coffee with almond milk. Just like you asked."

Sadie flashed her a quick, dismissive glance. “Thanks, loser,” she sneered, not even sparing Aimee a second thought. She took a sip of the coffee, and Aimee watched, barely containing her excitement, as the first stage of her plan unfolded.

Minutes passed, and Sadie continued to sip her coffee, oblivious to the brewing disaster. She indulged in a few pieces of sushi, her favorite, but little did she know, those seemingly innocent bites would soon play a role in her undoing. Aimee couldn't help but smirk as Sadie devoured more sushi with abandon, washing it down with the very beverage that was about to change everything.

The flight was soon called, and the students boarded the plane, still laughing and chatting about the adventure ahead. As they settled into their seats, Aimee found her place next to a few other freshmen, watching as Sadie took her seat several rows ahead, still sipping on her coffee and seemingly unaffected. But the clock was ticking.

By the third hour of the flight, Sadie’s face began to shift. It was subtle at first—a slight furrow in her brow, a quiet shift in her seat—but soon enough, her discomfort became undeniable. She clutched her stomach, her expression darkening.

“Ugh,” Sadie muttered to herself, her stomach growling audibly. She tried to ignore it, but it only worsened. By hour four, she was squirming in her seat, trying desperately not to draw attention to her distress. Aimee watched from a few rows back, her heart pounding in a mixture of glee and guilt.

The flight continued, and Sadie’s situation escalated. Her face flushed as she started to feel the unmistakable pangs of stomach cramps. She gritted her teeth, trying to keep it together, but the pain in her lower abdomen only intensified with each passing minute. Was it the sushi? Or had the coffee gone bad? Whatever it was, Sadie felt like she was about to explode.

She stood up, her movements stiff and strained, and made her way to the restroom. The line was long, but Sadie couldn’t wait. She barely made it into the cramped lavatory before the floodgates opened. Relief was short-lived, however, as the toilet refused to flush. Panic set in as Sadie realized the horrible truth: She was stuck in the worst situation imaginable.

The flight attendant, horrified by the state of the restroom, informed Sadie that the toilet was out of order. As Sadie’s body continued to betray her, she could feel the weight of her predicament growing heavier with every minute that passed. By hour nine, the cramps were unbearable, and Sadie found herself in full-blown panic mode. She couldn’t hold it anymore.

It was the turbulence that finally did her in. The plane hit a rough patch of air, shaking the entire cabin, and before Sadie could even register what was happening, she lost control. A hot, vile mess filled her bright Lululemon leggings, the brown stain spreading rapidly and unmistakably. The smell hit the cabin like a freight train, and every passenger within a 10-foot radius gagged in disgust.

Students burst into laughter. Some covered their noses, others gagged in horror, but they all couldn't look away. Sadie, once the queen bee of their social circle, now sat red-faced and crying in her seat, her humiliation complete. She had been brought low by the very thing she had used to torment others—her vanity, her pride, and her belief that she was untouchable.

Aimee, sitting a few rows back, had to fight to keep from laughing out loud. She watched as Sadie, shaking with embarrassment, tried to cover herself, but there was no escaping the truth. The damage had been done. The bully was now the joke.

When the plane finally landed, the situation didn't improve. The moment Sadie stepped into the terminal, her stained pants and the foul odor that clung to her filled the air. A few students, still stifling laughter, exchanged glances. They knew what had happened. The word had already spread.

Desperate to salvage some shred of dignity, Sadie ran to the nearest restroom, tears streaming down her face, and changed into a fresh outfit. Her once-pristine leggings were beyond redemption, now a permanent reminder of the price of cruelty.

As Sadie fled to the showers, trying to wash away both the physical and emotional mess, Aimee and the others exchanged looks of satisfaction. They had witnessed the ultimate comeuppance, and it was sweet.

From that day on, Sadie’s attitude shifted. She learned, albeit the hard way, that cruelty comes with a cost. The bully had been humbled, and for Aimee and the others, it was the sweetest, most fitting of victories.

