A Long Drive Home

Author: Lythe

*000*2017-09-09 00:24

The dull black numbers on the upper right hand corner of her screen blinked from 3:59 over to 4 pm, and the lizard grinned. Finally work for the day was over, and it was Friday! The weekend stretched before her, endless in its possibilities and making promises of adventures to come. She began to pack up from her desk and get ready for the drive home before kicking off her Friday night. She grabbed a couple water bottles from her desk fridge before heading out. It was a hot one out there, and the a.c. in her Honda civic had not been acting right lately. Not to mention the gas shortage tumor that seemed to have taken off the day before. People were going mad, having to wait thirty minutes to try and fill up if they could even find gas to begin with.

Erin made her way out of the office, happy the feel the warm breeze on her scales as it blew her skirt around her knees. She smiled as she went out into the sun, her deep blue scales lighting up and shimmering with each step. Sure, she had a UV lamp in the office and here home, but nothing beat the real thing. Her tail swished out proudly behind while her heels clicked loudly on the pavement. The lizard quickly approached her civic, fished her keys out of her purse, and clicked the unlock button. In almost a single motion she open the door, sat down (taking care not to sit on her tail or get it caught in the door), put on her seat belt, and started her car.

The civic quietly purred to life, as a hybrid vehicle it made very little noise. The fan began blasting hot air, Erin hoped it would cool down once she got on the road. The windows rolled down letting the heat blast out into the surrounding air. It helped, for sure, but the weather was still hot. Erin thought she recalled hearing it very well might crack one hundred today. Given how cold her office was however, she basked in the warmth. At least it would be pleasant for a couple minutes.

She turned on the radio and cracked open her first bottle of water as she left the parking lot. As her eyes swept across the dash board, she noticed her low gas light had flickered on. Crap. The gas station was close and she thought it still had gas, but that would add even more time to her thirty minute drive home. She didn’t have a much better option though, so with a frustrated with she pulled towards the gas station and began to play the waiting game.

The next twenty minutes trudged on as the lizard fiddled with her phone to pass the time. Her a.c. was struggling to keep up, but the cool water she sipped at helped keep her body temperature in a reasonable range. By the time she had gotten to the pump, Erin had chewed through all her stamina on Puzzles and Dragons, but had also beaten three dungeons so that was nice. Tossing her now empty water bottle aside, she got out of her vehicle and went into the gas station to pay. She grabbed a diet coke, paid for her gas, and checked out.

The heat began to get to Erin as she filled her car up. An old magazine made a suitable fan, and the diet coke was cool against her hands. After finishing up she got back into her car and pulled out of the pump. This had to be the slowest anyone had ever left a gas station. It was a big one with something like 40 pumps, and with this gas shortage looking people were driving like idiots. Carefully the drivers made there way around a parking lot accident which slowed their exits to a crawl. Erin was nothing short of astounded. By the time she got back into the road another fifteen minutes had gone by. The lizard groaned. She’d be getting on the high way at almost five pm. Traffic was going to be killer.

She reached the on ramp and found herself pleasantly surprised. Traffic wasn’t as bad as she feared, at least not yet. Her car drive along at a good clip, sticking to just below the speed limit. The air conditioner was fairing better here as well. Maybe this drive wouldn’t be so bad. Erin took a drink from her diet coke, only to realize she’d finished the whole thing. How had that happened? With a shrug she tossed the bottle aside.

Perhaps the lizard’s optimism regarding traffic had been misplaced. She continued to slow, going from a good speed down to a crawl, and eventually a total stop. As the car slowed, her air conditioner started to act up. Erin cracked the last water bottle open, and took a deep gulp. The exit sign ahead told her she was still 10 miles from home. In this traffic that could be almost any amount of time. Maybe twenty minutes, maybe an hour.

As the time rapidly closed in on five thirty, slightly over an hour after leaving the office, Erin began to notice an uncomfortable pressure forming in her bladder. Traffic was still very slow going. The last ten minutes she hadn’t gotten over ten miles per hour. She realized she hadn’t peed before leaving, so her last bathroom break would have been something like 3 hours earlier. Shed had a bit to drink while working still too. A small pang of worry hit her, but there wasn’t much to be done. Traffic wasn’t moving. She wasn’t getting anywhere any time soon. She had nothing to do but slowly drive and feel her consistently filling bladder. Realizing that she only had about half of her second water bottle remaining, Erin grimaced. This was not going to be easy.

Ten minutes later and the small discomfort was growing into something more. She had to shift around in her seat, trying to get comfortable but the water balloon inside her making it difficult. Was made it even worse was feeling the slosh of liquid in her stomach with every move. There was a constant reminder of how much she drank and how much more was coming with every move. The godawful heat wasn’t helping either, and it was times like this she wished she could sweat. She was surrounded on all sides by an oven, even the windows being down could only help so much.

Ten more minutes. It was closing in on six pm and Erin began to worry. She’d had way too much to drink for this. The pressure inside her was building mercilessly. Her car was stuck she’d moved maybe 2 or three miles and still had seven to go. At almost ten minutes a mile there was absolutely no way she could make it home. The only real option was to hold on and wait, which was getting harder and harder. The temperature was becoming even more unbearable. She reached for the half empty bottle and cringed as the water shook around as she began to rub the bottle over herself. At least it was still cool, but the sound of water moving around was awful to endure.

Another ten minutes. Erin was really worried now. Another two miles had gone by, but it wasn’t enough. If this traffic didn’t let up soon… she chewed on her lower lip anxiously and played with her grip on the steering wheel. Her skirt, though loose around her knees, was an awfully tight fit around her waist. The article of clothing was a light purple, it would hide nothing. She wished she could stop but even if she did get off the highway, every damn gas station parking lot was nothing short of a zoo. If she could get in, there would be nowhere to park.

“I can’t take it anymore!” Erin exclaimed before beginning to clumsily paw at the zipper. It now required serious effort to keep back the flood inside of her. Finally her claws gripped the zipper and she yanked it down. It wouldn’t come. She tried again but it was stuck tight. The zipper would not budge. Having had enough bullshit for one day, she stomped her foot as hard as she could on the brake and tore her skirt down, wincing as the fabric moved over her bulging bladder. Afterwards though, the relief was exquisite. Erin gave a low, thankful moan. She still had to go badly, but wow that had helped. No longer constrained by her skirt, the lizards bladder began to send slightly less urgent signals. At least for now.

To avoid prying eyes, Erin pulled a jacket over her lap. Her pink panties were now safely hidden from view. A good thing too, as she worked her hand down press against her hole. Anything that would help. It was getting dangerous to keep driving with how distracted she was. God damnit she needed to piss so badly. Her bladder was so full. The diet coke, water bottles, and whatever she’d had to drink after her last bathroom break had caught up to her in a way she wouldn’t have thought possible. Twisting uncomfortably in her seat, wincing with every small bump in the pavement, options oh so limited. Then a wave of urgency hit. Her brief reprieve from removing her skirt seemed to have passed, and she still had no idea what to do. 2 miles from her exit, and a short drive home after that. Making it just didn’t seemed possible.

Nevertheless Erin steeled her resolve as best she could, and somewhat bent over tried to cope. Another wave hit her and she grimaced, bouncing in her seat as she tried to keep control. It was like the last couple drops working their way down had suddenly pushed her over the edge. Her tail twitched and weaved itself angrily around her seat, and her teeth gashed together in frustration. She had to hold it. She hold to hold it. She couldn’t let go.

Despite her best efforts, the next wave began to break her dam. A couple drops of moisture began to dampen her panties. The couple drops quickly turned into a small leak. Erin tightened down as best she could, and jammed the tip of her tail against herself, pushing her on hand on harder. It helped for a second, but there was a noticeable wet patch now, and a few more drops got out. Traffic was at a complete stand still. She hadn’t moved in at least five minutes, and realized that whether she wanted to or not she was going to be passing very, very shortly.

Erin glanced around her car, looked for a backup plan. A large mouthed cup caught her eye. It wasn’t very large, it was a medium, but maybe it would do. It seemed like her only real choice. “Fuck it.” She murmured. Traffic hadn't moved. She threw her car in park and turned on her hazards to keep anyone from expecting her to move forward. The she wrapped her tail around the cup and brought it to her, and threw a shirt onto the floor of her car with her driving hand. She scooted her seat all the way back before moving forward so she had enough space for the cup, lined it up, and let go.

Relief pulsed through her body as the cup began to fill, her stream hissing into it almost as angrily as she felt at the whole situation. The lizard sighed contentedly as her bladder emptied itself. She hadn’t even noticed that she had neglected to remove her panties. Now they were nothing short of soaked. Finally, it was over.

Or was it? She blinked in as irritated fashion as she realized her piss was about to reach the brim of the cup. With great effort and a little and a little piss getting on the shirt below her, she cut off, then dumped the cup and brought it back under her. She felt better, sure, but there was still a noticeable need to go and she had already gone this far so what the hell? This time she pushed her panties aside (why had she even bothered?) And let loose again. This time she got the relief she so desperately needed. The cup was most of the way full when her stream ended, but this time the lizard had a satisfied smile.

She turned back to the window turn dump the second cup and froze. A male coyote had walked up to Erin, possibly to check if she needed help but she was not sure. The look on his face said he hadn’t been expecting the show he’d gotten if his slack jawed stare was any indication. They stayed awkwardly frozen, before Erin shrugged and turned back to the road ahead. She put the cup in the cup holder and tossed the lid on, then repositioned the seat and put her car back in gear. Her eyes remained determinedly on the road as she rolled away from the coyote. She would normally have been mortified, but at this point was far too relieved to care. With her bladder empty and her mind clear, she drove forward towards her weekend. She’d need to shower now before doing anything else, but that was a small price to pay for not pissing all over her seat. Erin smiled, wondering idly about how the coyote she had left in the dust felt.

She didn’t know, but as he got back in his car, he had to readjust his trousers. He had the weirdest boner.

*003*2017-09-15 11:42

Thanks guys! I really appreciate the kind words :)

