Lakshmi and I (#1: To the beach!)

Author: LemonadeTank

*000*2024-08-05 12:18

Hi, everyone! This is the first time I've ever written fics this large, so please lemme know if I can improve on it. Anyway, enjoy 😉

###

My phone's alarm buzzed. Time to get up.

Normally, this would be my cue to roll over irritatedly and fumble with the screen until I either dropped the phone or shut the alarm off.

But today was not a normal day; it was finally the day I could go out with my girlfriend Lakshmi.

A little backstory- Lakshmi and I had known each other since Class VI (6th grade), but had grown closer to best friend status throughout our middle and high school years as the two Capital N Nerds(tm) of the class, sharing our common love for books, video games and the outdoors.

We'd started "dating" in Class XI, but it never really got very far initially because high school in India is a bitch.

Now that we'd both graduated and turned 18, though, we had a lot more freedom to go out as we pleased, and today, we had the whole day to ourselves. Our plan? A trip to Himsagar Beach, located about 60 km south of the city. It wasn't much of a tourist spot, but its relative emptiness made it an attractive candidate to us.

By 10 AM, I was at the bus stop, our assigned meetimg point. And then I saw her.

Lakshmi was one of those girls to whom divine beauty just seems to come naturally. She had on a cute flowery sundress that flowed elegantly over her slightly-chubby-yet-curvy figure I found so irresistible, and her dark skin seemed to glow slightly in the midmorning sun.

"Hey, baaaabe~" she winked at me, offering me a fist bump.

"How's it going?"

"Couldn't be better", I grinned.

For a brief moment, I imagined what she might look like under the red cotton fabric, but decided to perish the thought.

"I came prepared!" She held out her hand, in which was a medium-sized cooler, loaded with drinks of all kinds (no, no alcohol; this wasn't Pondicherry) which I helped her lug into a now-waiting bus to accompany my backpack. Five minutes of this later, we were out on the open roads.

"Uff, yaar, why does it have to be so damn hot in here? Couldn't you have booked an AC bus at least?", she sighed annoyedly, wiping beads of sweat from her forehead with worrying frequency.

I wasn't in a much better position myself, but the bus we'd chosen was neither fast, nor air-conditioned. At least it was cheap, and completely deserted for some reason.

"I know, but at least it's only another hou- huh?"

I glanced over at the seat next to me and there she was, chugging a bottle of juice like it was nobody's business.

"Hey, hey, we haven't even reached the beach yet!"

"Too bad." she said, putting the empty bottle away. "The more I have to sit in this oven, the less you get, *kanjoos* (cheapskate) boy." She flashed a devilish grin.

I pretended to be annoyed, but the thought of all that liquid flowing through her system barely an hour into our trip made me abandon that train of thought really quickly.

I wondered how much that belly of hers could expand once they had...

"Hey, hey, its a liiiitle too early for your eyes to be going down there, isn't it?", she smiled.

*Oops*, I thought, *I don't exactly have ultrasound vision to **see** her bladder...*

She wasn't entirely wrong, though; the sweat drenching her sundress was really starting to highlight her ample cleavage, leaving little to my hungry imagination.

Somehow, I managed to keep my eyes safely averted, only turning my gaze every so often to look at the figure of this reincarnated goddess sipping water like a madman next to me.

Finally, an hour and a half later, we pulled in to the beach, as did a few passing clouds to get the sun off our backs.

As the two of us got our stuff off the bus, I noticed a shift in her demeanor. Far from her bubbly, energetic chattering when we hopped, she seemed rather muted in her relief at stepping out. Perhaps the drinks were starting to filter into her bladder?

My suspicions were confirmed when I saw her surreptitiously looking around while shifting her cute, shapely legs a little closer together.

At that moment, though, I was a little more distracted by the outline of her D-cup bra, almost clearly visible through her now utterly soaked dress. The graceful curves of her cute chubby middle and toned ass also shone through the dark fabric, and I could feel the front of my shorts getting tighter.

I decided to focus more on the beach, though, so as not to make her uncomfortable.

"Wow, there really is no one here, huh?" I thought aloud. Sure enough, the beach was deserted; an empty mass of sand and sea, bordered by some fishermen's huts on the far side and forest everywhere else.

"H-huh? Oh, uh, yeah!" she exclaimed, suddenly flustered. "That's really weird... is there a storm coming or something?".

She pulled out her phone. "...shit, ya, it says rain is expected in the area around 4."

...ah. This was unexpected, but I decided to make the most of a bad situation.

"Well, then, let's go break out the drinks already while we still can!" I winked at her.

She was still scanning the horizon, looking around for some kind of toilet. Noticing the fishing village, though, she seemed to relax a little.

"Hehe, of course, babe", she giggled, though still a little nervously. "How about we head over there?", she said, pointing at the huts.

"Oh, I was thinking about that little sandy cliff over there.", I said, hurriedly pointing in the opposite direction. "Look at the trees surrounding it, it looks so romantic, doesn't it?"

"Hmm... I don't know, *yaar*...", she seemed hesitant.

"Something wrong, Lucky?"

Lucky was what I'd been calling her since we started dating.

"Oh, um, it's just...", she blushed, suddenly looking ten times cuter. "Uff, nevermind, let's go set up already."

Lakshmi had always been a shy one with regards to her bladder's demands, a surprising fact considering her usual boldness. In school, she'd often hold it all the way to the end of the day before making a mad, squirmy dash for the restrooms, because they were "less crowded" then, as she bashfully admitted to me. I wondered if she had ever not made it, but never dared ask.

The fantasies, though, of her quivering pussy releasing little jets of hot pee into her panties as she ran to the toilet and pulled them down had stayed with me till date.

It was pretty clear to me that something similar was playing out on the sands of Himsagar Beach right before my eyes. And I was in love.

By now, it was fast approaching 1 in the afternoon, and we were beginning to feel a little hungry, so I suggested we break out the food I'd prepared the previous day, and she readily agreed, desperate to take her mind off her predicament.

I was one who'd always prided myself on my cooking prowess, and I'd taken special care to make the best food possible for Lakshmi.

"Wow, dude, I knew you were a master chef, but this is... better than I could possibly have imagined!" she exclaimed, devouring the kathi rolls I'd made: a juicy mix of chicken, egg, chopped onions and mint chutney rolled into a flavourful paratha. "I don't know how, but I think I love you even more than I already did."

I blushed. "You think?"

"Oh my god, you perfectionist. I love you." she said, sliding even closer and wrapping her arms around me.

I reciprocated. "I love you t-"

"AHH SPICYYYYYY!" she yelled, leaping up and running for the cooler.

*well, fuck*, I thought, picking sand out of my hair. *guess her spice tolerance wasn't as high as I thought.*

I watched intently, roll in hand, as she reached for a coke, virtually ripped the cap off and chugged half the (fairly large, mind you) bottle in seconds before stopping.

"Haah, haah, haaaaaaa...."

"Drama queen."

She made a face, then giggled. All of a sudden, she stiffened up.

"Ah, um, dear?"

"Yeah?"

"Mind guarding our stuff a sec? *A-abhi toilet jaake aata hoon* (I'll just use the toilets, be right back)", she said nervously, pointing again at the huts.

"Um... you know those are just fishermen's houses, right?"

She swore.

"How bad is it?", I said, trying to gauge her fullness. "If it's really bad, those trees over there look-"

"HELL NO!", she almost screamed at me. "It's- it's not that bad, I can easily hold it until we're back!", her cute face reddening slightly.

"O- okay, then.", I said, a little taken aback. "Why don't we go sit somewhere and chat then?"

"Mmm" she nodded.

We found a rather romantic-looking spot hidden not too far away by some rock formations, and moved our stuff there, sitting together facing the ocean.

While clouds were starting to move in, they didn't seem to be too much of a bother at the moment, so we whiled the hours away talking about everything: college, our friend groups, my cooking skills, the online courses she was taking, the games we played, the shows we watched...

My focus, though, was a little diverted towards my girlfriend cutely squirming, right next to me, her quivering, sweat-soaked body glistening in the early evening light. By now, she'd drunk 500 mL of coke, alongside her entire litre-flask of water and all the juice in the car earlier... did she have the bladder of a goddess as well?!

The sheer volume of the liquid inside her, the way her legs and curvaceous body jiggled as she fought valiantly to keep the ocean inside out of her cute panties...

Suddenly, in a fit of passion, I wrapped an arm around her.

"AAAHHHH!!", she virtually jumped, sending a hand into my face.

I groaned, blinking the stars away before a quick glance told me that she was curled up in a ball on the sand, hands stuffed deep in her crotch and face redder than her dress.

"Uh... Lucky? You okay, babe? I'm sorry if I scared you..."

The ball whimpered. "H-help..."

A dark, baseball-sized patch of wet sand in front of her told me all I needed to know about her predicament.

"help... d-dear... I... can't... *aa raha hai...* (it's coming...)" she said between sobs. Both hands were still buried in the folds of her sundress, which was now crumpled, sandy and slightly damp in the front.

"Here, take my hand." I said authoritatively. "I'll take you somewhere you can go."

She continued to sob, but eventually proffered her hand. I took it, noting its wetness.

"Don't- ugh- just, please, INEEDTOPEE!!!", she yelled, her large, tearful eyes staring at me pleadingly. Her need had finally gotten over her unwillingness to admit it.

"It's okay, just trust me. You'll be fine." I reassured her, gently leading her over to the trees. Thankfully for her, it was a fairly short distance, though she kept stopping abruptly as wave after wave threatened to burst her burgeoning dam.

"Here. Just go, I'll keep watch for anyone else." I said, looking the other way.

"Ughhh... okay, but you better not- AHHH!"

I whirled around and she was hunched over, jets of urine spurting out of her, watering the flowers in her dress, as she hurriedly squatted and shoved her panties down. I quickly turned back around and pretended I'd seen nothing.

A roar of falling water filled my ears, like someone had just turned a tap on with full force. Sneakily, I turned my head just enough that I could see her while also remaining unnoticed.

The sight I saw was truly astonishing.

She was on the ground, facing away from me, her large, dark butt partially obscured but still visible through her dress.

Well, until a convenient gust of wind blew it up for everyone around (i.e me) to see, along with the thick stream of golden liquid that flowed out of her with force, hitting hard enough to displace the ground in its path, forming a tiny lake in the sandy soil.

Her bright pink panties, now saturated and dripping with pee, ringed her bare feet as she continued to unleash her torrent onto the beach below.

"Hufff... aaaahhh..." she moaned as the ocean she'd been holding inside of her slowly drained its way out of her tortured urethra and towards the actual ocean crashing down on the beach not far away.

This went on for over a minute.

Meanwhile, standing just a few metres away, I was in heaven. The bulge in my shorts was embarrassingly obvious now, and I was trying really hard to keep my arousal in check.

Eventually, though, I heard her stream eventually slow to a stop.

"Okay, um... I'm done... you still there?"

"Yeah!" I called back. "You okay?"

She ignored the last bit. "Could you please bring me my bag from back there?"

I obliged, noticing a trail of droplets running from our spot to where she was.

As I handed her bag over, I realised just how wet she'd gotten. The front of her drees was utterly soaked with pee, and little rivulets continued to run down her legs. In addition, her pretty face was stained with tears.

She quickly grabbed the bag and, as I turned around again, wiped herself down with some tissues.

Finally, she was done, and walked over to me.

"Babe..."

I turned around.

Her wild eyes, still red from crying, stared at me.

I sensed I had to choose my words carefully here.

"It's okay, Lucky." I smiled gently, moving in closer to her. "Shit happens."

She continued to stare, tears beginning to leak out of her eyes again.

"I- I just pissed myself- like a primary school kid..." she sobbed.

I genuinely felt a little guilty. After all, I had inadvertently caused this.

"Don't worry. I'll cover for you. This was my fault, after all."

That's when I noticed the sand getting wet. Not from Lakshmi this time, though.

All of a sudden, a tremendous roar erupted from above, and i could feel myself rapidly getting less and less dry.

"Well then." I quipped, "looks like that won't be needed."

She shot me another stare. Then giggled.

"Dude."

"Mmm?"

"I love you so much."

"I love you too."

We embraced, soaked to the bone, as the rain fell around us.

