Severus and Harry Date Night

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2020-07-24 17:05

In my story Harry is 22 and Severus is 30

Severus was on a date with Harry, they were sat together sipping coffee.

They were both having a good time.

Until Severus felt a twinge in his bladder, choosing to ignore it, he carried on talking to Harry.

They sat sipping drinks for another hour or so and Severus was getting worried that he might piss his pants.

He was enjoying himself too much to stop and go to the bathroom.

Harry the suggested that they take a walk through the forest on the way back.

Severus was dreading this and hoped his bladder would not fail him.

Before standing up Severus gave his dick a quick squeeze. Slowly got up and offered Harry a small smile and off they went hand in hand.

After about half an hour a leisurely walking Severus let out a small gasp and his hand darted to his crotch, he had leaked.

They were still a bit away from the castle.

Harry asked worriedly “what’s wrong are you hurt”.

Severus was beyond embarrassed and replied “no I’m alright just slipped a little”.

Harry still worried and thinking Severus was hurt said “ok but I think we should stop for a while and rest”. They had been walking for quiet a while.

Severus winced in pain knowing if they stop he would definitely not make it back to his chambers in order to just take the piss he desperately wanted.

He replied “ok” with a small grimace.

They decided to sit on a old oak tree that had fallen down in a storm.

Severus now had his hands in his pockets trying to squeeze his dick so that no more leaks escaped. It wasn’t working.

Severus groaned.

Harry thinking something was seriously wrong pulled out his wand and ran a diagnostic spell over Severus, but nothing came up.

So he asked Severus “ Sev please tell me what’s wrong so I can help you”.

Severus knew he had tell Harry because he knew he was close to pissing his pants even though he knew Harry couldn’t help.

“I need to piss really bad, like I am about to piss my pants and minute now” he was now gripping his dick openly trying to contain the contents of his bladder even though he knew it would be futile.

Harry had a look of understanding on his face and said “Severus why did t you say something earlier we could have stopped, I hate seeing you in pain, why do you piss on the tree over there” Harry offered.

Severus replied nodding “sorry I didn’t want to ruin our date”. He slowly started to get up but lost another spurt but this time it was longer and now Severus knew he wouldn’t be able to let go of his dick in order to get it out of his trousers or even make it to the tree.

Severus whimpered and gripped tighter.

Harry was growing more worried because Severus hadn’t moved much and his hands were turning white from gripping so hard.

“Severus why have you not going over to the tree” Harry asked.

“I can’t move otherwise I will leak again” Severus whispered.

Harry not knowing what to do and knowing Severus wouldn’t ask for help even when he was about to piss himself.

Severus let at another groan knowing he was seconds away from pissing himself, hopping up and down trying to keep it all in.

Harry knowing his boyfriend was about to piss himself, trapped onto Severus trousers.

This caused Severus to leak even more from surprise before he got himself under control.

Moaning from the little relief he had had, Severus tried hard to stop.

Harry made quick work of Severus trousers unzipping then and he felt Severus loose all control and start gushing into his pants before Harry had a chance to pull his dick out.

Harry grabbed hold of Severus’ spraying dick, pulled it out and aimed it at the forest floor.

Finally be able to relax Severus let out a almost pornographic moan from the relief he got from being about to piss.

The piss just kept coming and coming.

From the noises Severus was making, Harry had a raging hard on.

But Severus was not aware of his surroundings at the moment too caught up in the bliss of pissing.

Severus stream started to trail off to small spurts and dribbles.

He started to harden in Harry’s hand, causing Harry to slowly stroke Severus’ dick, Severus started moaning for a different reason now and placed one of his hands on top of Harry’s and the other maxes it’s way to the front of Harry’s trousers.

He started rubbing gaining a pleasured groan from Harry a the friction he was causing.

Both completely forgetting that they were in the middle of the forest, too caught up in the pleasure they were giving each other.

Because they were both so worked up it didn’t take long until Severus was on the brink of orgasm, with one more twist of his wrist Severus was taken over the edge into pure bliss as his orgasm overtook him, leaving him shaking with pleasure.

Seeing Severus cum undone like that set Harry off too as pleasure racked through his body and Harry cummed in his pants for the first time in years.

Harry having not let on he had needed to piss all this time stared to piss his pants because once he had cummed holding got a whole lot harder.

Trying to stem the flow long enough to pull his dick out of his pants was hard but he managed it and quickly whipped out his dick moaning loudly as the pressure was finally being able onto be released in the same spot Severus had done a few minutes earlier.

Severus started at Harry as he pissed, thinking he must have been so caught up in his desperation, he didn’t know Harry was desperate too.

Once Harry’s stream came to an end they both looked at each other and laughed at the fact that both of them partially pissed themselves.

Once they had finished laughing. Harry said “we’ll there is a first for everything, but you got to admit that was rather hot watching you squirm like that all desperate for a piss, maybe we can try that again but in a better environment in our chambers and not outside in a forest where anyone could walk in”

Severus smirked and replied “I think we can arrange that cause it was very hot watching you loose control and start pissing yourself and the look on your face when you got to release all that piss, very hot”.

Groaning Harry replied “we better get back to our chambers before someone sees us and also I want to fuck you so hard right now”

Severus breathing started to pick up and he replied “let’s hurry”.

