Like a pet

Author: Littlefawn

*000*2023-08-12 14:45

This is my first attempt at fiction and I’m hoping to make this an ongoing series.

Please let me know if you have any feedback. I’d also be open to doing commissions.

Carli was, in most aspects of her life, totally in control and in charge. She had a great job as a manager at her favorite clothing boutique and was well-liked and respected. She was a perfectionist and always looked put together, as did her home. But there was one area where she was not in charge and in control - she liked to be told when and where to pee.

Now, despite sometimes getting desperate for a tinkle when she was at work, this was something she really turned off and on. It was an extension of her sex life with her boyfriend Sam and he was more than happy to oblige. It started fairly innocently. They’d been out at a bar, drinking, and decided to head home. As soon as they walked out the front door, Carli had regrets. “Babe - maybe I should run back in and pee before we walk home.” Sam looked in through the front window at the crowds. “Nah… it’s a 10 minute walk, you can hold it.” By the time they reached the end of the block, she was fighting to not grab herself. He was too, but for a different reason. Watching his girlfriend being very visibly desperate to pee had turned him on immensely and his hardon was fighting against the fabric of his pants.

Halfway home, Carli was fighting a losing battle. “I have to pee NOW. I'm not going to make it all the way home. What should I do?” Sam was a bit taken aback by the question. She needed to pee. She could pop a squat in one of the allies they were wandering their way through and easily relieve herself. But she asked him what to do. He snapped out of his reverie when he heard her whimper. Her hands were firmly between her legs and she was doing the potty dance to end all potty dances. “Baby… what do I DO?”

Sam looked around for the best spot. He’d never had any desire to watch or control her pee but now it’s all he wanted. He pointed to a corner where he could keep watch and watch her, but that she’d be fairly hidden. “Go right there. Nobody’s around and I’ll keep guard.” That was all she needed to hear and she quickly went to the spot, pulling her panties to the side under her skirt, barely in time to release a waterfall of pee. And then she just couldn’t stop. She peed for over a minute while Sam watched. He didn’t even realize he was doing it but he gently started rubbing his cock through his pants. But she realized.

Once she was finally relieved, she pulled her panties back into place and stood up, observing her massive puddle. “I told you I had to go! Looks like you might have to also?” She gestured at his thumb, still gently rubbing his cock through his pants. “Actually… well I guess since I just watched you almost have an accident then piss yourself in an alley I can tell you. I have never been more turned on in my life. The fact that you asked me what to do and it was almost like I had control of your pee. It was so hot and so unexpected and now I feel like my cock is going to explode if I don’t fuck you soon.”

Carli smirked. She’d always sort of had a thing for pee holding and desperation, and it seemed like she had awoken something in her boyfriend that could end up being a lot of fun. “Well ok then… let’s get you home and we can doing something about that.” She grabbed his hand and took him home and into a totally new space for them.

To be continued…

*001*2023-08-14 23:43

After the night that Carli almost had an accident until Sam told her where to relieve herself, they naturally started incorporating similar games into their romantic life. Sam loved the control he had over his girlfriend and Carli enjoyed giving the control up to a man she loved and trusted. It first happened again on a little date night in.

In their living room, they had a couch that pulled out into a futon. They decided to have a movie night where they pulled the futon out and put every pillow from their apartment on it. It was so nice and cozy and they didn’t go into their movie night even thinking about anything sexual, including desperation play.

Halfway through the movie though, Sam couldn’t help himself and started caressing Carli. He was spooning her and her cute little butt was pressed up against him. She was wearing cotton shorts and a thin t-shirt, and it wasn’t long before he was gently playing with her nipples, which always drove her wild. Eventually, this led to a sweet lovemaking session right there on the futon.

Carli almost always had to pee after sex, and it didn’t help that they’d been drinking margaritas on their little date night in. But she was also into the movie, very comfy, and didn’t want to get up from their cozy nest, despite her bladder sending signals that it needed to be emptied in a big way. Sam could feel this, of course, being her big spoon, but didn’t want to encourage her to get up and go to the bathroom. He was comfy too and just wanted to hold her.

When the movie ended, Carli wiggled into Sam. “Ugh I have to go but I’m so comfy.” Sam pretended he didn’t know what she was talking about. “Go where? I want to keep you right here.” Carli giggled. “Go… to the bathroom.”

“Aw sweetie, if you need to go you should go. But… Can I watch?” Carli, still facing away from him, felt her own eyes light up at the prospect. So the night after the bar wasn’t a fluke? He wanted to play these games with her? “We can try, but I’m not sure I’ll be able to go with you watching.” Sam chuckled. “That didn’t stop you last time. And if you don’t have to go that bad I think you can keep holding it.”

Carli winced. “I do almost have to go that bad. But ok let’s try this.” She quickly got up and almost skipped into the bathroom with Sam in tow. Her bladder was so full and uncomfortable, and even though he had literally just been inside her, she was suddenly bashful as she pulled her shorts down. Sam stood in the doorway watching, Carli sat on the toilet, fidgeting, but nothing else was happening. “Baby… don’t you have to go? Why aren’t you going for me?” Carli bounced slightly from where she sat on the toilet, blushing a little at “for me”. “I have to go so bad, but I can’t for some reason.” Wiggle wiggle wiggle. Sam watched every little movement come from his bursting girlfriend, then had an idea.

“Stay still. Stop moving.” Carli listened. “Spread your legs.” Carli listened. Sam watched her tense up. “Go now. Pee for me.” That was what she needed, and needed badly. Finally, she released the pee she’d been holding back. And she peed, and peed, and peed for close to two minutes, relief washing over her. Sam once again relished in the power he controlled over his girlfriend and her bladder.

