Desperate Love

Author: Lapis Lazuli

*000*2020-07-19 02:06

Helen sits alone at their desk in the college coffee shop, poring over a physics textbook and about four different sheets of paper. She went to school to study thermodynamics, but the math parts of it are NOT her strong suit... like, what the hell is a Reidlich-Kwong equation? Hello, I would like RT = (p + a/Vm^2)(Vm - b) apples, please. They have played us for absolute fools.

Helen's friend Dawn pops over and plops down on the desk. "hey sis" she says with an enviable casual air to her voice. Helen replies with a simple "Hi dawn" while she continues to struggle with their math homework, ruffling up her own hair to get some stimulation. "you alright?" Dawn asks, "you're not exactly fit for the big screen right now..."

"I've been held up by this homework for hours. I'm sick of it."

"when's it due sis?"

"In just about fifteen minutes when class starts..." Helen's head droops. "well, sis, lemme get you a coffee. keep you awake through class at least. it's on me." Helen sighs in relief at the kindhearted gesture. God damn, though, she had to piss. There just wasn't any time to go, though, too much homework; plus, her physics professor, Dr. Eisenhower, was a tyrant. Weren't college professors supposed to be more forgiving with bathroom passes than high school teachers, she thinks?

...Dr. Eisenhower isn't actually a tyrant, she's a very nice lady. But Helen, in all her anxiety, fails to realize that. Even still, Dawn comes back with a chocolate latte, Helen's favorite. "i hope this helps you get through class."

"Thanks..." Helen... is quiet for a bit. "Hey... wanna come over to my dorm after class, Dawn?"

"oh yeah! ive got some free time. you're my sis after all ;)"

"psh, no you aren't. well, I should go... see you there." Helen has always had a crush on Dawn... she was a beautiful girl on her own, but it didn't help that she liked to show skin; today, she was wearing a short little sweater dress with her sexy thighs hanging out, and Helen has to hold back from blushing. She herself is frankly no less slutty; she likes to wear crop tops and thigh-high designer boots and daisy dukes, and is quite adept at her makeup to boot.

Anyways, Helen packs up her stuff. Before she leaves, though... Dawn pipes up. "hey, uh, sis... i don't know if i'm passing your boundaries or whatever... but girl, go take a pee. i know this is some sort of weird kink of yours, but don't exert yourself too much, ok?" to which Helen blushes. "this really wasn't planned... I'm too scared of my professor to risk being late. sorry."

"well, if you say so, girl. get that bread."

"Get that bread!"

Dawn and Helen are both ample ladies, and this is actually something they bonded over, due to how shitty the world treats fat girls like them. "haven't you had enough to eat already?", says the peanut gallery to a woman who has eaten nothing at all the whole day... While Dawn has impressive child-bearing hips,- One thing Helen is jealous of cis girls like Dawn for having, among others- Helen is spread more evenly, although ever since she started hormones, her chest has picked up some of the slack. Though she's destined to have a chest more endowed than her thighs, she hasn't quite gotten that far, having only been on E for about six months so far. Unfortunately, she's gonna wish she wasn't on HRT right now, as though her bladder capacity is quite impressive, her kidneys have met the beast known as spiro and are working a bit overtime.

On the way to the science building, Helen, having remembered this, quickly checks for eavesdroppers to reach a hand down and cradle herself, getting her distended bladder under control. Suffice to say, class was torture; she was squirming around and trying to focus but ultimately failing. It's not a big deal, she can get caught up with the book, but having to sit for an hour in class was still clearly painful, if a little enticing. She couldn't help but blush a little bit, occasionally scooching over to discreetly hold herself against the edge of her seat. This was why she liked to hold it, the knowledge of her "little secret" that she carried inside her, and knowing that anyone could put two and two together at any moment, yet knowing that there's nothing she could do to stop them. It was exhibitionist enough that she knew someone would notice, but not exhibitionist enough that she felt exposed.

Finally, class ended. Helen almost rushes out the door, but Dr. Eisenhower gestures for her to come forth. "Ms. Helen, are you truly alright?" she asks. "Uh, yes ma'am, I'm fine..." Helen HATED admitting it when she had to go to the bathroom, it feels gross to be so obvious like that. The doctor gives a concerned look, before simply brushing her off. "well, if you're sure. you haven't been doing so well on the homework recently, so i felt it important to check up. Have you been seeing a tutor?"

"Uhh... no..." Helen, shaking in her designer boots, gives a nervous smile. "i'm sorry. I'll make sure to schedule to see one."

"...alright. take care now."

As Helen is dismissed, she power-walks over to the ladies' to put an end to her hold, but stops in her tracks at the sign, the classic sign that acts as every pee-holder's nightmare. "Out of order" The truth is, this was an oversimplication of something much worse; NONE of the buildings would have working toilets, as the water had been shut off for a good two hours for repairs, just a bit after class ended for Helen. This... was bad. She did not take it into account. Knowing a toilet was so close made Helen instinctively blush and groan, her enticement from having seen so many stories like this in fiction battling with her frustration at having it happen to her. Where the hell was she supposed to GO???

Frustrated and desperate to piss, Helen leaves the science room and power-walks to her dorm, somehow making it despite the pain in her swaying bladder. As soon as she opens the door- after fiddling with her keys for a good few seconds, of fucking course- she immediately squats down on her floor and holds herself super tight... surprisingly, she begins to giggle a little, then quietly laugh to herself. God, she's full to bursting and she can't go to the toilet and frankly? it feels really good. She's blushy now, and almost about to start masturbating, when she hears a quiet knock on the door. Oh shit. It's Dawn.

Helen tries her best to push herself up, hobbling over to the door and opening it. Dawn, still as sexy as she was back at the coffee shop, immediately does a double take. Despite Helen's attempts to be discreet about her needs, Dawn immediately notices them. "you never got a chance to piss, did you girl." She sighs and throws her bag down, sitting down on the couch. "damn, i'm sorry though." Helen just stands there, blushing, before finally buckling, crossing her legs and fidgeting and holding herself. "oh my gosh fucking yes i never got to go and I have to wait like two hours before i can pee and i have to go so baaaaad."

"well, uh... sorry for making it worse with the coffee."

Dawn feels very awkward, watching her friend pee dance like nobody is watching. She thinks to herself, if Helen were in her position, and it was Dawn who had to pee, would she find her hot? Dawn is one of the only one who knows about this fetish of Helen's, having caught her drawing a girl wetting her jeans in her all-so-elusive sketchbook one day. No wonder she never lets anyone look at it. And if it wasn't obvious before, it is now; Helen is blushing, smiling, occasionally letting out a giggle among all of the other noises she's making in desperation. "hey... sis? i know you're in a bit of a funk... but are you ok? you seem. ahem. flustered."

"No..." Helen croaks out, to which Dawn replies after a long silence: "...hm. can you sit down with me?" she says, patting the side of the couch. Helen nods, and after she sits down, still squeezing her nether regions like a stress ball, Dawn begins to speak calmly. "hey... i know i'll likely never understand your kink. but i just... i want you to know that i'm still your friend. life happens." Dawn gives a gentle pat on the shoulder.

Helen looks down at the floor, bouncing a single leg. "...you're sure? "mm-hm."

"...okay... i'm... uhm... th... thanks..." Helen squeezes herself again. "it's just... i'm gonna pee soon... whether i like it or... not." Despite how cushioned it is behind her tummy, Helen's bladder is visibly bulging out, and Dawn can see it. "...you have a crush on me, don't you?" At that, Helen goes silent. "girl... you wouldn't be acting this blushy if this weren't me, if I weren't watching." Finally, Helen does something she doesn't usually do- she looks Dawn in the eyes. Her eyes are bright, a beautiful chocolate-brown, and dilated. "...i... i do. you're so... you're wonderful and sexy and so nice and you bought me a coffee earlier and that was so nice of you and i love you so much and i'm... i don't know what to say, you're so pretty and... and..." Helen can't say any more.

Dawn thinks for a moment what she wants to say... "...Helen? ...I think you're very pretty too." She reaches over and cups Helen's cheek with her right hand, drawing their faces together. Helen's eyes look into Dawn's, and Dawn's into Helen's. "...you're very pretty. you're passionate, and you persevere, and you're far smarter than me. Hearing you talk about thermodynamics..." Dawn leans in a little closer, beckoning Helen to rest her arms on her shoulders.

"It reminds me how much you care, and how much of a dork you are, and how cute you are because you're such a dork." Helen's eyes dilate even more, her world being filled up by how much she's smitten with Dawn, before she begins to speak in turn. "When I... when you go up on stage... and you always do such an amazing job when acting, and..." Helen leans even closer, their noses gently touching. "it reminds me that i don't have to pretend to be someone else. because you're... so amazing, whether you're... acting or not... you're an inspiration... and i love you so much."

They stare into eachother's eyes just a bit longer, before slowly... they close, and their lips meet ever so gingerly, the top lips touch, then the bottom lips, and then the two melt into one, a newfound unity of heart and mind. For just a brief moment, their worlds seem to sparkle and blur, focused entirely on eachother. Their hearts were connected by a scarlet string all along, and as soon as the string pulled the two hearts together, they knew they would be inseparable. They stay together for seven, eight, nine, ten seconds... but, just before they reach eleven seconds, Helen pulls away suddenly, startling Dawn. "oh god no no nononono-" Helen mutters to herself, pushing herself off the couch.

It doesn't take long for Dawn to realize what is happening. There is a noticeable dark spot on Helen's crotch, visible from the back on her tight jean shorts. More pee continues to drip down in little spurts down the insides of her thighs and into her boots, and begins to form a trail of tiny puddles from the couch to the center of the room where she now stands. It all happens too fast for Dawn to properly react; Helen fidgets with the buttons on her shorts, clearly struggling; She undoes the first one, but it doesn't have a zipper, instead five buttons that go down to the crotch, and just one button isn't nearly enough to get them off...

Helen presses her legs together as she struggles with the second one, humming a frantic "mmmnn" to herself, as the puddle on the hardwood floor below grows bigger and bigger, before finally... the dam bursts, and her golden liquid begins to flow unstopped through her jean shorts, long before Helen could have ever had the chance to get the next button undone, let alone the entire pair of shorts... Her knees buckle, and she almost falls over before catching herself on her bed, sighing as she fully relaxed.

The pee flows mainly from the center of her crotch, also forming shiny streams down the inside of her thighs that fall into her boots. She lets out an audible sigh, her bladder squeezing itself to push out all of the warm pee it was holding inside, producing a positively euphoric feeling. Dawn looks away for a moment, but slowly, her eyes are drawn back, still enticed by Helen's beauty; the moment of weakness makes apparent her trust, and the apparent euphoria of it all exemplifies her allure... and, strangely, the streams of pee flowing down Helen's legs highlight the beauty of her striking thighs and her ample ass. Dawn, suddenly unafraid of the mess, steps forward to put an arm around Helen's shoulder and simply be with her; her cheeks are flushed red as a tomato, and her eyes are closed gently. Dawn realizes that... this might be what absolute peace looks like.

After a remarkable two minutes of release, and a sizable puddle around the soles of Helen's boots, she finally opens her eyes again, and looks into Dawn, who is standing right there, still smiling as she was before. This makes Helen break, busting into tears... "d... dawn i'm.. i'm so sorry... i must be such a... i'm a fucking baby... i don't deserve you. i'm so sorry." at which point, Dawn gently shushes her. "no, no... you're not a baby. you're amazing. you're beautiful."

"B... but i wet myself, like a fucking toddler... "I know this, and I love you, girl" Dawn reaches forward and gives another kiss on Helen's warm cheek, in that moment caring about nothing else. "now let's get you cleaned up..." she says, as she wipes a tear off of Helen's cheek.

"You know... I didn't understand at first, but... maybe i do now. maybe i should try this sometime... don't knock it till you try it, after all..."

###

Hey guys! i wanted to try and write a softer story, not one as blatantly erotic as my others, and also I think I'm gonna make it a series? As I wrote this I found myself wanting to write a fucking romance novel with these characters, but I dunno. I hope you enjoyed it!

*002*2020-07-20 02:51

{{45 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a addorable story I enjoyed reading it

}}

Thank you! I was worried nobody would notice, but you always come around to say something Guess I just gotta be patient, haha.

*003*2020-07-22 05:15

Chapter 2

###

It's the same day. A bunch of paper towels have been used to clean up the mess left on Helen's dorm floor, and she's currently resting on the couch. Dawn agreed that if she would wipe up all of the pee, she wouldn't have to detergent spray it, or however you call it. So now it's Dawn's turn to help clean up. Unfortunately, the water still hasn't come back, so she can't do much to get the soap off the floor for a while.

If there's any more good news, it's that pissing yourself is a really good way to make yourself rest. Dawn, having scrubbed the floor a few times, is basically done, and climbs over to the couch to cuddle her new girlfriend. She wraps her arms gently around Helen, the hands meet at her chest, holding her steady.

"...Why?" Helen asks. "I still don't get it. I was so forward. why weren't you uncomfortable? why didn't you leave?" Dawn tucks her chin in the crook of Helen's neck. Her short hair tickles Helen, forcing her to stifle a giggle. "nobody chooses their crushes, girl. you never chose to be flustered around me, you just were. you never chose to be obvious about it, i just have a good eye. besides, you're my sis, remember? we hang out at the coffee shop every day. you're not as hard to read as you think you are." Helen sighs, the tension in her body loosening a little, giving in to Dawn's touch. "I'm not..."

"you wear your heart on your sleeve, girl. i'm honestly a bit worried about it."

Helen's face grows warm, enough that Dawn can feel it. "Please don't... worry about me... I'll be fine. i promise."

"see what i mean, sis? you hesitated." Dawn instantly replies, just a little bit smug about it. "if you wanna make people think you're gonna be fine, you have to make people believe it. now go drink an ice cold glass of love yourself juice." Helen can't help but giggle. "God i hate you, Dawn, for being so good to me."

"my touches are extremely tender and my meat is huge."

"Hey! I'm the one with the huge meat, you can't take it from me."

"THERE you go, sis." Dawn rewards Helen by carding through her hair with her fingers, and giving little scritches. If Helen could purr, her engine would be running full blast right now.

"God, i'm sorry to cut this short, but I think I did get some more homework from the professor... I'm sorry."

"...hey. that's ok." Dawn lets go of Helen, helping her stand up, though she didn't really need it. "is it a lot, girl?"

"Yeah... I can never focus on homework when I'm more stressed." Helen gets up and rifles through her backpack in the corner, as Dawn thinks for a moment. "hey girl. i don't know how much this will help, but..." Dawn looks kind of shy for a moment. "i'll strike a deal with you if you get all your homework done. is it for physics again?" Helen nods her head, curious where this is going. "well, if you can get it all done before dinner, if you can..." Dawn paces around the room a little. "well, when I did something good for you, getting you that coffee, i saw you piss yourself. so... if you get your physics homework done... doing something nice for yourself... i'll piss myself for you." Dawn is... blushing a little. "how's that sound sis?"

At the thought, Helen had to look away, all flustered again. She hides a smile behind a hand, not responding. She makes a little whimper. "what was that sis? can you speak up?" Helen stays silent for another moment... before audibly saying "yeah that would be kinda hot." Dawn still looks disappointed. "come on girl! you gotta DEMAND yourself to finish your homework, and when you do, you gotta DEMAND me to piss myself!" Helen can't help but laugh. "Look, I'm a bottom," at which point they both just kinda crack up and lose all their composure. "Okay, okay, fine, I agree, Dawn... I'll try and get my homework done by the end of the day. It shouldn't be too bad anyways..." Helen pulls out like five sheets of scratch paper and a big ol textbook from her bag.

"i'll leave you alone, sis, for now. text me when you get done with the homework."

Later that night...

Helen quickly packs up her stuff and heads over to the cafeteria, setting her stuff down. Dawn arrives later, raising a hand to seductively push her bangs out of the way. God, she's so pretty, Helen thinks... it takes a lot of effort not to stare directly at her tits. Dawn's not as impressive up top as she is on the bottom, but she's still quite sexy. Helen gives a flirty smile and leans over to say hi. "hey cutie! what's up?" Dawn sits down and sets down her stuff. "this bitch." They both giggle at their antics. "so you finished all your homework, sis? can i see the proof?" Helen nods and pulls out the homework, all four pages of it. Dawn inspects it, and decides it's probably done, and hands its back. "...well, in this case, my bladder is your toy." Helen's heart skips a beat. "It is, huh...?" Helen blushes... "Gosh. this is like... you really do love me, don't you?"

"that's right... i fucking adore you, girl." Helen has to take a moment to process this, her face growing warmer and warmer. She opens her mouth, then closes it, then... then she begins to speak.

"...If, if it wouldn't hurt your stomach, can you... No, im not asking, i'm demanding you to drink two glasses of soda instead of one."

###

Leaving on a cliffhanger because im a slut for attention tbh. actually the real reason is it's past 1:00 and i need to go to bed, so i figured i might as well be a dick while i'm at it (it being doing nothing for 8 hours)

*005*2020-07-23 05:33

Chapter 3

###

"Are you feeling it now, mr krabs?"

Dawn has finished dinner, a full two glasses of soda downed, and the urges in her bladder are just starting to kick in after not going to the bathroom before dinner. She's holding Helen's hand as they walk back to Helen's dorm. "oh my god, yes, i get it, i'm really feeling it..." Helen giggles. She watched way too much Spongebob as a kid, so of course she has to make the jokes.

Helen steps closer and leans her head on Dawn's shoulder. "Hey," she says quietly. "I love you."

"aww, i love you too, girl." Helen would normally be self-conscious about PDA, but being close to Dawn just makes her feel safe. Dawn, by the way, feels another twinge in her bladder from all of the soda, pressing her thighs a bit closer together as she walks. Dawn forced herself not to go pee since she saw Helen piss herself, wanting to recreate the same scenario of having no access to a bathroom for several hours, because she knew Helen would like it. She speaks quietly to her: "god, the soda really is catching up, though. i think i can make it back to the dorm though." They both smile at eachother, thinking of this. Looking at her lover distracts Dawn from her bladder for just a moment, reminding her just how beautiful she is, watching the low light of the sunset bounce off of her chocolate-brown cheeks. Her smile radiates happiness like the sun.

But then, with Dawn and Helen being as lovey-dovey as they are, it takes about three seconds total for them to be spotted. A girl from Dawn's sculpting class, named Alex, notices the pair walking side by side and runs up. "HEY dawn!! i didn't know you had a girlfriend! i'm so proud!!" Dawn, of course, doesn't want Alex to know about her bladder, so she tries to keep her cool. "oh, haha, yea, she's the best girl."

"what's her name??? I gotta know!" Dawn has to shuffle around to get the two in proper introducing position. "helen, this is alex. alex, helen." at which point Helen smiles and cheerfully says "Nice to meet you, Alex!". Dawn then tries to drag Helen away. "i'm sorry girl, but I'm a little busy, can we talk later? ok thanks bye." without waiting for a response.

Alex, thusly, is left there at the side of the sidewalk, dumbfounded. She sends a silent prayer to the gods of fertility above that the two of them prepare safely before engaging in sexual activity, making the crucial assumption that that's what is making Dawn "busy". It doesn't take a detective, Helen thinks, to figure this out. "Come on, dawn, don't be too obvious! She's gonna suspect something!" she says, to which Dawn immediately replies, visibly pressing her thighs together: "you assume it's easy to not be obvious, girl..." forcing her to blush. "Oh, did I assume that? Did I, truly?" giving her partner a tickle on the back. Dawn giggles, instinctively reaching down to grab herself. "oh my god stooooop", she whines, as she contracts her muscles to keep her protesting bladder under control... It's not enough, though, as Dawn leaks a little, spurting a few drops of her warm pee onto her scarlet panties.

After regaining control of herself, Dawn blushes deeply, pressing her side against her beautiful girlfriend. "Dawn, what's wrong?" Helen asks, still holding Dawn steady around her back. In response, she gets a whisper: "i almost just pissed myself, sis. god i have to pee why did you make me drink both sodas-"

"My gosh, babe, you're gonna give my fragile little heart a heart attack..." Helen sneaks a quick cheek kiss as she continues to walk. "Gosh, you're so pretty... i'm so happy you're willing to do this for me..." Dawn smiles back at her.

Finally, the star-crossed lovers reach the side door to the dorm house, and Helen opens it after a few seconds of fumbling with the key, during which Dawn presses her thighs together and bounces in place, clearly trying not to look as desperate to pee as she is. After doing this again with the door to Helen's room itself, Dawn rushes in, slides off her shoes, and immediately buckles, holding herself tight with her legs crossed, no longer concerned about onlookers.

"Fffffffuck... i have to pissssss" she curses, doing a desperate pee dance, her face hot and flushed. Helen comes closer, taking her in arms, as the pair immediately start to smooch eachother, Helen's hands sliding down to hold her lover's substantial hips. Even while passionately smooching Helen, Dawn continues to desperately bob up and down, constantly on edge from the force of her overfilled bladder between her thighs. She raises her arms around Helen's neck, resting them on her shoulders, as they continue to make out for eleven, twelve, thirteen seconds... Dawn finally slows a little, lowering her head as the two look eachother in their beautiful eyes, a trail of saliva still joining their mouths together for a moment.

"girl... i don't know how you coaxed out this side of me..." Dawn says, visibly bouncing up and down, often averting her eyes. "i like this... i like pleasing you. i like bursting to piss... i don't know why, but you make it all worth it... cause you're so fucking amazing-" Dawn pulls her right hand out from behind Helen's back and shoves it between her legs, pushing hard, as a single drop of pee manages to make it through her hands. It trickles down her leg, before eventually brushing on Helen's knee, causing her to blush deeply and move in to continue the makeout session.

Another seven seconds later, Dawn pulls away again, too antsy to lean into a kiss. "fuck i can't hold it anymore..." Helen softly smiles in response to this, speaking softly... "come to the shower. we won't have to clean it up if you go in there." As the pair walks, Dawn keeps a hand stuck between her voluptuous thighs, still swaying from the weight of her hips even as tense as she is from trying to contain her bladder. As they enter the bathroom and step into the shower, Helen gives one more long kiss before stepping out to observe.

"wh... do you want me to turn around, or...?" Helen speaks up: "Are you ok with me deciding the pose?" to which Dawn nods... Helen faces her backwards, and sets her up to brace herself against the back wall of the shower room, her legs standing apart with her feet at shoulder-width. Helen's face is absolutely red as a tomato right now, as she looks at her partner, who herself cranes her head to look at Helen; the appearance of Dawn's blushed face, her antsiness combined with the spectacular view of her sizeable ass and her amazing thighs over the sweater dress, causes her to go nearly insane with hormones. Dawn only looks into Helen's eyes for a few seconds longer, before finally...

Just as Helen lost control in this same room, on this same day, Dawn closes her eyes tight, as an aggressive stream of pee bursts forth from between Dawn's legs, running down the insides of her thighs into the shower drain. Dawn gives one last feeble attempt to stop the stream, as if by instinct, but it's futile, and the euphoria of finally letting loose gets to her as she totally relaxes and lets out an audible sigh of pleasure, one hand sliding down the wall of the shower room. Helen steps closer, flushed by the power of Dawn's stream, and lays her hands around Dawn's waist and kisses her on the back of the neck... sticking a leg forward, letting Dawn's warm piss run down the length of their thigh. The sexual tension of Helen against her back combined with the intense relieving feeling of her bladder gushing out piss combine into a wonderful feeling between Dawn's legs, one that she instantly recognizes.

It takes about a minute for Dawn's bladder to empty itself; while Helen had mastered the art of the extended hold, Dawn had only been holding for about two or three hours, as her bladder is not nearly as exercised as Helen's. But when it finally does, the pair stand there in the shower room, blushing like crazy. Dawn's relationship with Helen has been one of the most passionate and emotional she's been on; Normally, with her sexual partners, she finds it hard to find the intense emotion that she feels between her and Helen.

And for this, she feels incredibly grateful. Dawn finally turns around to look Helen in the eyes, as she reaches a hand down to remove her soiled crimson panties from between her legs, holding them up in the air. There is a large dark stain in the crotch, clearly visible to Helen as it is held for her to behold, before Dawn drops her hand and lets the panties fall onto the floor of the shower. Wordlessly, the pair's scarlet string pulls them taut, and Dawn and Helen's lips are locked together in a long, deep, and passionate kiss.

When they pull away, finally, Helen only has one thing to say:

"Come to bed with me, my love."

###

I hope yall didn't think i was gonna keep yall hanging for too long, i have a free day anyways. I feel like I'm using "helen" and "dawn" too often, so I'm trying to vary up the word choice. I hope it paid off!

I guess this counts as another cliffhanger, but the arc i promised at the beginning of chapter 2 has finally finished, so im not gonna consider it one, more like just. setting up the next chapter. like a story is supposed to do. im gonna go to bed now good night

*008*2020-07-24 22:12

Hey, thanks for all the love!! ^u^

Next chapter should be out soon, I took a bit of a break. I dont think it'll contain any traditional omorashi, but it should be longer than the most recent two, which I felt were disappointingly short compared to the very first. And, obviously, itll still be cute! i hope

*011*2020-07-26 05:47

Hey, so this chapter will be... A little more than lewd, just warning y'all. god damn ok but just searching for "euphemisms for sex" yields some absolutely horrible results, like can you guys not think of anything with any subtlety? i apologize i just needed to rant (altho tbf "Open the gates of Mordor" is really good).

Oh, also, this chapter will contain... well, milk. like, human milk. it wont be too prominent but itll be there

###

Chapter 4

###

Helen's heart is beating like mad.

Dawn, the most beautiful girl in the entire college, is in her dorm right now, and they just made out and she indulged her fetish and now they're about to, you know, do the do. What the hell??? Is life real right now? She sits in anticipation on the couch, nervously bouncing up and down as Dawn cleans herself up in the bathroom, wiping off her own pee. In that moment Dawn is tempted to masturbate, her fingers right up to her naughty bits only separated by a simple wad of toilet paper, but she restrains herself. That can come later. If she doesn't mess this up, she might not even need to do it herself. Be patient, Dawn.

Instead, Dawn comes strutting out of the bathroom with a hand on her hip, giving Helen a flirty smile as she picks up her backpack and brings it to the couch. She rifles around in it, frustrated, before finally turning up an inordinate number of sex toys. There's condoms and vibrators and all shapes of dildos and some BDSM stuff and even... is that a humbler???? That's a humbler. That's a fucking humbler. "I-" Helen stammers for a bit. "i didn't know you liked CBT."

"eh, an older partner was into it. well..." Dawn lays out the last of the stuff. "pick your poison, sis."

Helen, blushing like mad, stares for a good few seconds, and slowly reaches down towards... something... but quickly yanks her hand back up, covering her face out of sheer embarrassment. "oh my god im so sorry i cant", she muffles through her hands, as she almost begins to cry. "hey.. hey, girl." Dawn gives her partner a gentle hug, gently carding through her hair to soothe her. "hey... let's slow down. i'm sorry, sis, i shouldn't have put you on the spot like that..." Helen reaches over to give a hug in return, tucking her chin into the crook of Dawn's neck. "I'm sorry, i.. i just, i worry that... i keep thinking i'll make the wrong choice."

Dawn stands up her other, getting them both on their feet. "you won't make the wrong choice.", she says, as she picks up some of the sex toys and brings them over to the desk next to Helen's bed, hoisting her up to help her get in. "why don't we just cuddle for a bit, sis. if you think you're ready to go further, just pick something out from the bag. is that cool?" Helen, nodding, falls over onto her side. She reaches a hand forward towards Dawn's face, to bring her in close.

The pair lie together, their cheeks flushed, their eyes half-lidded but pupils wide with love. Helen lies her hands at Dawn's waist, enjoying the feeling of her gentle curves... She notices Dawn's scent, from her lavender shampoo, a tart contrast from the sweetness of her own strawberry scent. Helen loves smelling dawn, seeing her, feeling her skin against her own... so she speaks up. "...dawn. i'm... can we... take our... can we take eachother's clothes off...?" Dawn nods... "...yes. of course, girl... now put your arms up." It's an innocuous command, but firm enough to make Helen blush submissively, as she raises her arms...

Dawn lowers her hands from Helen's shoulders, tracing along her side until she comes to her soft flesh, and traces up the skin inside Helen's crop top, eliciting a sigh of pleasure. Dawn puts her fingers around the hem of the top, slowly lifting it up and over Helen's head, exposing her bra and developing breasts. So too does Dawn slide her hands to Helen's hips, removing the pair of shorts she changed into earlier.

At the same time, Helen attempts to strip Dawn, but she's not as confident in her sexual prowess, and is significantly slower. She's too nervous to pull the dress up from the hips, so she tries to find a zipper on the back. "hey, sis... don't be nervous", Dawn whispers, gently guiding Helen's hand to her hips. Slowly, but surely, Helen slips her fingers under the hem of the dress, sloowly pulling it up, watching as Dawn's face grows ever warmer from her lover's hands on her naked hips. Finally, Helen removes the dress entirely, pulling it up over Dawn's arms, letting their soft skin touch. The pair, as if reading eachother's minds, pulls eachother into a gentle and passionate kiss, reaching their hands over to cradle eachother.

When they pull apart, Helen only has one thing to say. She says it softly, with a hint of hormonal anticipation in her voice: "i'm ready."

Dawn nods, getting out of the way to expose Helen's path to all the sex toys. She rolls over and contemplates her choice, reaching over to pick up a particular strap-on and dildo, turning around to present them to Dawn. This makes her blush, but she isn't sure what's gonna happen just from seeing her partner hold a strap-on. "wh... what's up, sis? do you want to... or... do you want me to...?" Helen nods at the last one, giving Dawn an uncertain, nervous expression, that she easily picks up on. Dawn, in reply, slowly reaches over to take the strap-on from her partner's hands. "i'm too dysphoric to top. i hope that's ok", Helen mumbles, not loud enough for Dawn to hear if she wasn't right in front of her. "of course it's ok, girl. is there a reason you don't wanna use your fingers?"

"no... i just figured i could do that after. if you're ok with it..."

Dawn, in reply, gives a pleading look to her lover, "come on, girl, can't i go first?? just think of your turn as round 2..." Helen, unable to object, stammers for a bit. "I-I mean- oh god uh..."

"hey, it's ok. i'm just teasing..." Helen takes a deep breath in, and a deep breath out, and summons her confidence. "...you can go first. is that ok?" She looks directly into Dawn's eyes, noticing how wide her pupils are... she reaches a hand up to brush her lover's hair out of the way. "...i am. this is... your first time, right, sis?"

"...Yeah. there's a... particular spot in there I'm supposed to hit... right?"

"yeah girl. i'll nod when you hit it. also... put a condom around your fingers. it's safer." Helen nods, reaching over to get one... she thinks for a bit as she opens up the condom, putting it on her index, middle and ring fingers.

"Should i clip my fingern-"

"no, don't, sis, just do it..." It's at this point that Helen looks into Dawn's eyes, examining her flushed face and flustered expression,that she realizes that Dawn has been anticipating this longer than she initially realized. Perhaps she was wrong about earlier, when she rushed her away from Alex, that maybe her bladder wasn't the only organ she was thinking with.

Helen, slowly but surely, traces her fingers down the sides of Dawn's naked lower body, down to her hips. She raises her other hand to her partner's chest, gently unhooking her bra and lifting it up over her head, tossing it to the side. Helen can't help but be jealous of her lover's breasts, getting to finally see them in their full glory in this moment... as her right hand slides down between Dawn's legs, Helen lays a gentle but deep kiss upon her nipple, beginning to gently suck on it, lick it, pull on it with her lips, until she's startled when she tastes milk. Dawn was a recent mother, whose baby isn't even a year old yet, so she still regularly breastfeeds them. Helen knew this, and was expecting it, but it still took her by surprise.

Even still, she keeps going, stroking between the lips of her partner's labia, gently feeling the flesh within Dawn's vulva. She slowly slides one, then two, then three fingers in, gently pressing against the walls of Dawn's vagina, looking for the right spot. Eventually, at a particular spot, Dawn pipes up softly: "right there..." Wordlessly, Helen begins to stroke the wall at that spot, slowly applying more and more pressure with her strong ring finger, eliciting a moan from Dawn.

She keeps at it, pushing and sucking, slowly picking up the pace, as Dawn sloppily responds by raising an arm up and unhooking Helen's own bra, letting her breasts fall loose against the other's stomach. Eventually, Helen swaps over to Dawn's other breast, coaxing her milk out and continuing to lap it up... after a few minutes, Dawn lets out another moan, before suddenly she reaches orgasm; Helen's hand, still pushing inside Dawn's vulva, is coated with her white cum as she audibly sighs and relaxes, letting all of the tension in her body fall out onto Helen's hand.

Helen doesn't quite take her hand out just yet, but she does lap up the last of the milk and pushes her head up to look at Dawn. She does eventually slide the hand out, wiping it off on her hip. Helen smiles, now truly understanding the meaning of afterglow, absolutely stunned by Dawn's incredible beauty in this moment. "sis, are you sure this was your first time?" she says, with a light chuckle. "I'm pretty sure... did i do a good job?"

"fuck yea, girl. god, i had no idea you were so strong..."

Helen, tired, slumps forward onto Dawn and gives her a passionate yet submissive kiss. When they pull away, Helen gives an expression equal parts flirty as it is mischievous. "...my turn." is all she utters, her hands on Dusk's upper arms, ass all up in the air. She gives her rump a flirty shake to remind Dawn what's up, at which point Dawn returns the expression. "alright, girl, but you gotta get off me first."

Helen doesn't want to get off, but she does, letting Dawn stretch out on the floor of the dimly-lit room. God, her ass is so cute, she thinks, as she stares into her lover's ample curves. She watches as Dawn slides on the strap-on, getting it all fitted. Dawn does a sexy pose in front of Dawn's eyes, eliciting an immense blush that forces Helen to look away... in that time, she adjusts herself, getting her rear bumper pointed in the right direction. "it's not time yet, sis. it'll just hurt if i jump right in." Helen turns around, nodding, watching as Dawn applies another condom to the strap-on and sufficiently lubes it. Finally, Dawn steps forward, starting very slowly to get Helen used to it all. "don't be afraid to ask me to stop, sis. it's perfectly ok." Helen nods as she readjusts herself.

Dawn slowly enters Helen, getting her all relaxed up for what's about to happen, slowly pushing the dildo further in. Helen tries to relax, letting Dawn take over; and take over Dawn does, slowly pushing further and further in, until Dawn is fully inside. Helen can already feel herself grow more and more stimulated, having reached the point where Dawn is pushing all the way through her, causing her to visibly bounce up and down, Dawn's pumps reverberating through her whole body. Helen starts to make noises that somewhat approximate something between a moan and a sigh every so often, getting ever more excited as the clock ticks. After a minute, two minutes, three minutes of this, during which Helen continues to lose her composure more and more, she finally reaches her breaking point, spilling her cum all over the bedspread. Her energy drains from her body as Dawn's did just a few minutes ago, and Helen lies incredibly exhausted on the soft mattress.

After a bit of cleaning, Dawn excuses herself for a minute to go pee; "it'll prevent utis", she explains, as she saunters off. Soon, Helen too takes her turn in the bathroom, and then the pair of sudden lovers lie naked together on the bed, their scarlet string pulled taut. They barely even have the energy to make out at this point. "Hey Dawn?" Helen asks, exhaustion in her voice as she speaks.

"I'm... i'm so glad i met you. and that's..." She takes a deep breath. "that's not even just because of the sex or the piss or whatever. you're just so... god i..." Helen wraps her arms over Dawn's shoulders, again looking into her bright, beautiful eyes. "I know i've said this, but... you... you remind me that I'm supported wherever I go. even still, I..." Helen takes in a deep, somewhat shaky breath, and lets it out slowly. "...I know that... we're destined to be an... imperfect relationship. all relationships are. and that scares me so much..." Helen holds Dawn close and tight, tucking her chin into the crook of her lover's neck.

"...helen, babe?" Dawn lets out a sigh, and runs her hand down Helen's back to soothe her. "are you gonna cry...?" Helen takes in another deep breath, and lets it back out. "m... maybe. i'm just... i'm scared of committing. i worry i'll be stuck with an abuser, or... worse... I'll..." Helen finally breaks, giving a choking sob into Dawn's shoulder. Helen's lover reaches a hand through her hair, carding through it, soothing her as she plants kisses on her cheeks. "don't worry, helen. you've... shown me that it's ok to express yourself. you don't hide behind a character or a mask. you are incredibly, and unapologetically, yourself." Dawn, still giving gentle pats, reaches for the bedside lamp and fidgets with it until it turns off. "it's time to go to bed now. let's not worry about anything. it's time to go to sleep."

And at that moment, as if Dawn had uttered a magic spell, the world quieted, and the star-crossed lovers drifted off to sleep in eachother's arms.

###

Holy shit ok its late and im tired. the next chapter will definitely have omo in it, dont worry! im honestly not sure where i plan on ending this though. maybe ill just write until i get tired, idk. thanks yall so much for reading <3<3<3<3

*014*2020-08-01 04:08

God damn ok i havent had a lot of inspiration. gonna hopefully write something up because idk.

###

Chapter 5

###

Helen's eyes flutter open to a dorm room ceiling. Dawn is still asleep. It's quiet.

Helen tends to wake up quite early for classes and studying, such that it's become a bit of a habit. She slowly pushes herself out of bed, going over to put on some black underwear, pulling them over her large body. Dawn, who is still asleep, shuffles over to hug the pillow and crumpled blankets of Helen's bed in her sleep, compensating for the sudden lack of warmth and huggable things, eliciting a warm smile from Helen. After getting into a nice set of bell-bottom jeans and a top, Helen applies her makeup and deliberately plants a kiss on Dawn's cheek, staining it scarlet in the pattern of her lips. With nothing to do for a few hours, Helen heads off to the library, leaving a note that reads as follows:

"Dear Dawn:

Heading out to the library to study. Meet me there if you want to hang out.

Love, Helen <3"

Of course, Helen neglects to consider her filling bladder, deciding that if Dawn wishes to indulge she would let her know. Even if not, she would understand; they each have to go at their own pace. Letting her hips sway with her step as she walks down the halls of the dorm to the campus fields, Helen always tries to walk with confidence and pride in her body. Her bladder, filled about halfway with warm pee, constantly let out a tickling sensation inside her that always made her super excited to hold longer. She wishes she were the kind of person that drew eyes as she walked into the room- and to be fair, she's about as beautiful- but people are rude, and usually just call her a slut. So she takes the word as a symbol of personal pride.

After ordering a coffee from the campus coffee shop, she sits down at the library and cracks open a textbook. And she works, and works, for about an hour, during which her bladder is tickled and filled by the coffee. Though her bladder does battle with her body, and fights valiantly, it is destined to lose, the seige against it destined to break down its walls. Of course, a much less fun and more frustrating battle is being fought inside Helen's head, between her intellect and her textbook. All Helen can think about is who invented algebra and why couldn't they keep it to themself?

It is at that moment that Dawn shows up, pushing open the library door and knocking on the table. "hey helen." she says, an air of calmness to her voice. "mind if i sit down?"

"Oh, sure! I'm just about done with my homework anyways." Helen continues to scribble the language of Thoth onto her paper, eventually scrawling out a confident set of cuneiform that she proudly encircles, pronouncing her homework finished. "Perfect timing. So, what's up with you, Dawn"? Helen asks, crossing her arms over the still-open textbook to lean over it.

Dawn put on the change of clothes she brought to Helen's dorm, a short skirt and a printed tank top. Among other things, like some incredible makeup, just subtle enough that you have to look to notice it, but it's still a short pencil skirt and a printed tank top. Helen is once again awestruck by her beauty, and is surprised she was able to finish the last problem of her homework with a looker like Dawn standing right there. She sits down and smooths out her skirt, letting Helen admire her. After a few seconds sharing longing looks, Dawn pipes up. "hey girl, after art class, we're planning to go to the bar to hang out. wanna come with?"

"Mmmm..."

Helen has never been a big fan of alcohol, often disturbed by people's lack of inhibitions when intoxicated. It's cute when it's people she trusts, but when she's with a bunch of strangers... it doesn't go well. "it's okay, sis," Dawn pipes up again. "we can sit outside. and we'll keep someone else sober, so you can have a bit of a bodyguard. he'll be a big burly dude noone will want to fuck with." That makes Helen giggle. "Haha... okay, I think I can go. What time?"

"seven, seven-thirty ish. meet me on the corner of fourth and broadway." Helen nods, jotting it down in her mental notepad, before leaning forward and going back to yearning, staring into Dawn's beautiful eyes.

Suddenly, Helen's bladder aches, and she tries to subtly reach a hand down between her legs to hold herself. Dawn, of course, catches on, checking to see if anyone is within earshot. "playing your little game, huh, sis? how long you been holding?" she sweetly coos. "i'm gonna make you say it, just so you know" Helen blushes, averting her eyes towards her textbook. "Since last night". This makes Dawn do a double take, surprised at her girlfriend's capacity. "dang, girl. i didn't realize how much you could hold in there. you planning to have some fun soon? ;)" Helen slowly nods, giving a wink back.

"I'll send you some pictures of the end result. I know you're busy..." Helen admits this shyly, letting Dawn see her flushed face. "I know you're new to all this... it won't be too kinky this tim-" Dawn quickly interrupts her. "no, no, don't hold yourself back. you've shown me this is sexy, girl. go stupid." Dawn's smile grows larger as she says this, working to instill in Helen the same sexual confidence she carries. "art class is in fifteen minutes. go to your dorm and get some pictures ready, and remember not to do anything you're uncomfortable doing.. are you ready?" Helen slowly nods, all flustered and shy. "good, sis. love you so fucking much. gotta go now, see you at seven <3" Dawn blows a quick, discreet kiss and gives a wink, before leaving Helen to her own devices.

Helen, overcome with desire and sexual energy, packs her stuff up and heads off to her dorm. There, she takes a video, about four minutes long, which is sent to Dawn a few minutes after it is taken. The video views as follows:

A hand pulls away from the camera, revealing Helen's face. The phone is propped up on a little cup-phone, with a.... decent view of the floor, not terrible. Helen is topless, with only her bra on alongside her same jeans and high heels, squatting over the floor with her legs open wide. The light on her phone is on, so light is shining all the way up between Helen's legs, giving the camera a great view of her crotch. Helen waves, giving a smile and a kiss blown back in return; just as she blows the kiss, a dark spot forms between Helen's legs. It quickly grows bigger, pooling around her ass, before she begins to fully piss herself, letting her hot pee stream down her hips and drip down onto the floor.

Helen reaches her hands up to unclasp her bra, letting her breasts fall loose as is her piss. After letting the camera get a good view of her tits as she cups and cradles them, she scooches around to show off her ass through the jeans as well. Soon after, she finishes peeing; right now, it's about a minute and a half through the video, so clearly there's more. Helen stands up, unbuttons her jeans, and slides them down her legs, revealing her black lacy panties. In these she squats, rubbing herself through them with her middle finger for much of the rest of the video, eventually pulling them aside to reveal her naughty bits.

As she masturbates the tension in her expression grows; at one point coaxing a moan out of her; before, finally, she reaches her breaking point and orgasms on camera. Helen pulls her fingers out of herself and stands up to grab a tissue, cleaning herself up enough that she can pick up the phone and give a final smile and blow one more kiss. The video ends on a shot of a relieved Helen, her face almost glowing and her beauty apparent.

This is sent to Dawn, who has to frustratingly wait until after class to watch it. She sneaks into the bathroom to do so, and herself starts to masturbate to it, reaching a hand into the hem of her skirt and rubbing herself... but she stops. That can come later. People will hear her. She decides to be discreet, and puts her phone up.

###

God im tired. i know that a lot of the language surrounding Helen implies that she's trans, but ive been having trouble deciding if i would have her be pre-op or post-op, so even though it kiiiiind of conflicts with the notion of only having been on E for six months, i decided to make her post-op. Next chapter will feature some slightly drunk shenanigans, but not enough that I would call it a breach of consent. ("not enough" as in not sexual enough, rather than not drunk enough. more sexy times will likely come in Chapter 7) i hope this was a nice read!! thank u

*017*2020-08-04 03:29

{{3 hours ago, Reinhardt_DAD said:

Hey, just wanted to say that I enjoyed that chapter! Wetting for your lover is always nice

I am a little confused, though, as I thought the last chapter implied that Helen was pre-op, as she said she was "too dysphoric to top". That sex scene was great btw, I love how you described Helen being pegged. I thought it was great how there wasn't a lot of focus on Helen's genitals, as if she had dysphoria about that it makes sense that she would enjoy the anal part a lot more.

}}

Well, speaking from personal experience, I'm a trans woman and, although I'm pre-op, I still feel dysphoria from situations where i feel masculine even if they don't necessarily involve my genitals. Think of it like something like that for Helen; though she doesn't have a penis, putting on a strap-on reminds her of when she had one. That's how I would feel in that situation, anyways.

Currently I'm in the process of writing the sixth chapter, though it's going kind of bumpy... thanks for the attention though!

*019*2020-08-04 04:29

Chapter 6

###

A young man walks into a bar from the men's restroom. His name is Logan; built large and broad like a quarterback, with the resolve of a knight, he gives a confident smile and sits down where his backpack sits. Next to him is his friend, Shalomel, a tiny Jewish lady, chattering eagerly over a pint of rum with her own friend, Dawn.

Dawn waves at Logan and gives a confident "heey". Shalomel too looks over, giving a broad smile and a friendly hug. For being so small, Shalomel has a titanic personality, and she isn't afraid to show it around her friends. "We gotcha rum. That's what you like, isn't it?"

"yeah, thank you!" Logan sits down and sips on his drink. "hey Dawn, didn't you say your new girlfriend was coming?"

"Oh, she's sitting outside. Not a big fan of bars, I hear." Logan raises an eyebrow at Shalomel, confused as to why someone who doesn't like bars would come to one, at which Dawn speaks up. "i hope it's ok that i told her you'd act like a bodyguard, bro. girl has trauma. not sure about the details yet."

Meanwhile, Helen sits at the curbside, sipping on... orange juice, alone, scrolling over her phone. And then, she puts away the phone, because the internet is depressing. The trio from within the bar steps out, carrying their drinks with them. "hey sis", Dawn says, sitting down to give a hug and a cheek kiss. As the other two sit down on either side, Logan pipes up: "you ok there bud? i heard Dawn say you get nervous around alcohol. do you want to go back to campus?" Helen lets out a soft laugh in reply. "no... I'm fine. I'm too shaken up to go inside for long, though. Are you two Dawn's friends?"

"Sure are, sister! I'm Shalomel, and this is Logan. We're all bastards! Naturally dead! Fuck the monarchy!" At this point, Shalomel is pacing back and forth, just generally having fun. "girl's a history buff, it's some nonsense about the rules of the british king or something. love her with my whole heart. now sit the fuck down, sis." Shalomel promptly sits the fuck down, sis.

The four begin to laugh and have fun, Helen feeling safe in the arms of her girlfriend and with Logan around to scare people off. A few intoxicated men do come to try and flirt with the girls, but are usually shooed off in quick succession. They talk about their majors and their friends and they exchange gossip, and as everyone except Helen grows more and more intoxicated, they become more honest, more bold in their statements. Dawn in particular seems to drink a little too much, her face growing flushed and her coordination getting worse. At that point. Helen stops her: "Hey, Dawn. no more. You're drunk enough already, we can't let something bad happen." Helen takes a cup of gin out of Dawn's hand, setting it down on the ground.

The springtime sun has set, and a soft orange glow is still visible from around the densely-packed buildings of the inner city. It's time to go home, Helen thinks, which is nice because her bladder is now quite full- she's not willing to use the bar's toilets due to shyness. Shalomel and Logan are relatively sober enough to walk, but Dawn drank just a bit too much, so Helen slowly helps her stand up. "Hey Logan, Shalomel?" Helen says. "this was a really wonderful night. thank you." to which Shalomel immediately shouts "Shucks, queen! you're parta the gang" as she gives Helen a hard noogie. "OW-" Helen sends pack a playful punch to the arm, causing them both to openly chortle. "god, Dawn, you're lucky to have a girlfriend like her-" Shalomel's eyes widen, drawing Logan and Helen to Dawn's attention as well.

Inside Dawn's mind, with how much alcohol she's had, she's become significantly numb to her own needs, only to be suddenly brought out of her stupor by an intense bladder spasm. The young woman has both hands buried between her legs, making no effort at all to hide her desperation. Helen stammers for a bit, before finally getting out a few words. "uhm. I'm gonna. I'll run along now. See you guys later." Helen puts a gentle hand behind the small of Dawn's back and hurries her along as several frenetic kisses are planted on her cheek. Shalomel and Logan are left there, utterly bewildered.

Helen rushes for Dawn's dorm, which is closer than her own. She gets the room info and keys out of Dawn, but Dawn being so obvious about her bladder makes Helen's worse, making it hard for her to keep moving so quickly. She almost considers following in Dawn's footsteps and holding herself, but that hardly lasts long before Dawn finally says something. "heleeeeeen, why are you going so fast. can't we stop so i can take a pee??? i'm gonna piss myself girl." This causes Helen to let out a sigh of frustration. "Dawn, baby, we're in public, we can't just go pissing wherever... We're almost home. just hold on a little longer." Helen grabs a hold of Dawn's keys and begins to open the door, but before she can get it open, Dawn shouts: "LOOK OUT!"

Helen, of course, does a double take and gets out of the way of the door, thinking it's something dangerous, but nothing comes. Confused, she goes back to the door, but almost steps in a puddle of water on the ground, surrounding Dawn. It takes almost no time for Helen to do the calculations.

Dawn squats there, her bladder gushing out onto the corner of the sidewalk and the dormhouse wall, an expression of pure ecstasy on her face. Helen, utterly mortified, looks around, and yeah, people are watching. They're not looking at her, but at Dawn, confused about what the hell added up to lead to this point. Helen shouts: "DAWN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" as she reaches over to stand her back up. Dawn, out of shock, halfheartedly seals herself closed, blushing from embarrassment, relief, and hormones, still dripping along the walk up the stairs... Helen opens the door to Dawn's dorm, finally, startling her roommate as Dawn rushes into the restroom to loudly finish the job.

...It takes a moment for Helen to process what just happened. She leans her head on the wall, one arm raised to prop herself up, visibly sweaty, and highkey embarrassed. Dawn's roommate gets up and walks towards her, asking what "the hell happened here??" Helen just cranes her head to the side to look her in the eyes, and utters one word: "alcohol."

After a bit of recuperation, Dawn and Helen are back outside, walking towards Helen's dorm so as to not bother the roommate. Helen, tired and quite desperate to pee at this point, gets frustrated at her failure to unlock the door to her room, before she finally gets it open. It doesn't take long for her to plop down on her own toilet, relieving herself of all the pressure in her bladder. Although she could have held it quite a bit longer, the stress of the situation made it impossible for Helen to think about much else. She lets out a sigh and slumps over as her bladder gushes out hot piss into the toilet.

After washing her hands (and making Dawn wash her hands a second time to be safe), an exhausted Helen lies down on the couch with an exhausted Dawn, and all either of them can think about is how much they love eachother, even if they're ultimately both disasters. Helen, not wanting to do anything too intense to a drunken partner, gives Dawn a passionate kiss on the cheek, hugging her tightly.

"hey, sis, that was hot, right??"

"...Yeah. that was hot as fuck."

###

Screams!!! i'm not particularly well-versed in alcohol, but i hope this chapter proved to be an enjoyable read nonetheless. i really wanted to do this so i could have an excuse to write public wetting/peeing and although its very fast-paced, i really like how this turns out. i hope you enjoyed it too!

*021*2020-08-10 23:20

Well... I was writing Chapter 7, and then my computer bluescreened.

Might be a while before the next chapter is up. I'm sorry.

*022*2020-08-11 04:12

Chapter 7

###

Shape of You begins to play. Helen immediately turns it off, wondering if anyone in the world likes that song.

Dawn sits on the couch in front of Helen’s laptop as it plays a movie, a copiously large glass of water to her side. She’ll get dehydrated from the alcohol, Helen says, even though it’s very obviously just an excuse to refill Dawn’s bladder. Speaking of which, Helen begins to walk back over from the dresser, which serves as a makeshift kitchen for breakfast, late-night snacks, or just when she’s too depressed to leave her room. She brings over two coffee filters full of chips, setting one on Dawns’s lap as she leans over to give a soft kiss on the cheek.

“Dawn, baby, you didn’t drink your water…” Helen coos, tucking herself into the crook of Dawn’s neck, smelling her lavender perfume. Dawn makes a pretend-grumble sound that actually sounds pleasant as she reaches over to grab the water, gulping it down. Helen can hear her girlfriend swallow, the water rushing down the walls of her throat… it knocks Dawn back into her senses a little, just from the sensation of the cool water inside her mouth. She sets it down, reaching around Helen to gently rest her hands on her partner’s hips.

Helen has her own glass of water too, her second one after arriving back at home about 30 minutes ago. She, too, simply wanted to fill up her bladder again; Normally, she would have held it since getting home, but when she peed she was too exasperated to really hold it much longer. When you’re stressed, holding isn’t really fun, just kind of painful. As such, drinking a really big glass of water is the typical setup of rapid desperation, which Helen did to compensate.

Suddenly, a sex scene comes on. “oooh, girlllll, we gotta try that tonight…” Helen giggles at Dawn’s statement and her sudden horniness, causing her to blush. “Babe, we shouldn’t go too far until you’re sober enough to consent…”

“yea, yeah, i know… i’m not that drunk, sis.” Helen’s head slides down her lover’s body until she’s resting it on Dawn’s chest, listening to her slow, gentle breath. Dawn’s speech isn’t slurred, and her skin is warm, though she doesn’t know how much the flushed face is a measure of her drunkenness considering the situation… Suddenly, she has another pang in her bladder, and she can feel herself having to squeeze to keep it all in… It’s not so bad, though, and she soon relaxes.

Dawn, however, has a major pang in her bladder too, her water combining with the alcohol to attack her smaller bladder… she calculates that she’s not gonna last much longer like this, and a plan forms in her head. So she speaks up. “hey helen, girl… i noticed you got some water too. what’s it for, sis?” Helen pushes her head up to meet Dawn in the eyes. “I dunno… I just wanted to have some water, i guess…” As she speaks, her blush grows a little, her secret breaking down. “oh? you sure are big on hydration today, aren’t you girl?” Dawn reaches a finger down and begins to tickle Helen on the neck, making her audibly smile and giggle… In that moment, Dawn is briefly struck by how warm Helen’s smile is.

An evil grin begins to grow on Dawn’s face. “you know… did i ever say you could go pee when we got home, did we?” she says, forcing Helen to blush even more deeply. “you knew, didn’t you, girl? you were punishing yourself with all that water, weren’t you?” Helen… slowly nods, letting Dawn take over for the moment. “Are you gonna punish me, sweetie?”

“oh, i definitely am, girl. and your punishment is no peeing for the rest of the night. If you can last until midnight…” As Dawn speaks, she pushes herself up, standing in front of Helen. She bends forward, letting her soon-to be plaything stare down into her cleavage. “you will be rewarded handsomely. But until then, you’re my toy…”

Dawn pushes herself up and struts over to the counter, trying her best to hide her mounting desperation. Honestly, it’s failing; Helen can see her fidget slightly with her knees, which is not helping her own bladder… Dawn pours two more large glasses of water, setting one at each of their spots on the table. Helen, now blushing like mad, swallows to work up the energy to speak up. “D-dawn, baby, I don’t know if I can hold it that long.”

“oh, girl, i know you can. your bladder’s huge. in fact, if it’s so certain, why don’t i make things a little more interesting, huh?”

Dawn crosses her arms around the hem of her top, slowly lifting it over her head, revealing her feminine pink push-up bra, wrapping around her ample breasts. She dances for Helen, running her hands down her body as she turns around, gyrating her hips. Eventually, she turns around and lightly lifts her black skirt higher on her waist until her ass, surrounded by lacy sheer panties the same color as her bra, is slightly visible under the skirt. Finally, Dawn opens her legs wide and turns around to look Helen in the eyes as a stream begins to shoot through Dawn’s panties, making an audible tinkling sound against the ground.

As she pisses, Dawn gives a visible show of relief, closing her eyes and sighing, finally revealing just how desperate she was, how much her bladder was begging to explode. Watching Dawn relieve herself into her panties and onto her dormitory floor drove Helen crazy; though incredibly aroused, the stream reminds her of her distended bladder, and she reaches a hand down between her legs to hold herself through her jeans, giving a demure look up towards her lover. But, of course, she repeatedly sneaks glances at her ass and gushing nether regions, and eventually unashamedly stares at them for a full second…

Just as Dawn begins to finish pissing, Helen pushes herself up, a hand still buried between her legs, and puts her other hand on Dawn’s hip as she covers her neck with passionate kisses. She can feel the warmth radiating from her girlfriend’s hormonal body, the pressure of her ample curves against her own too much to bear. Dawn turns around and begins to kiss Helen fervently on the lips, squatting down to clean herself off on the fabric of Helen’s jeans. In a moment, Helen ends up kneeling there with a wet Dawn straddled over her large thigh; she lets Dawn grope Helen, but only remains there a few seconds.

Slowly, Helen pulls away, not wanting to go too far before the fun had really begun. “D… Dawn. Please… please play with me. Play with my bladder all night until it spills onto the floor. Please… i need it so bad.”

All Dawn can think about in this moment is all the schemes she’s going to play on Helen for the rest of the night. Thinking of this, she blushes as she gives Helen an evil and incredibly sexy grin.

###

...never mind! here's chapter 7? it feels kind of rushed, honestly, but even still i hope it delivers... thanks so much for reading this far! it's honestly a huge honor ^u^

*024*2020-08-13 16:48

God, i feel like i wrote myself into a corner. i think im gonna rewrite the seventh chapter, maybe, try and play out a different scene that feels more realistic. or ill just write fluff. i dunno.

