Amy in the hot-tub

Author: LilyBgirl

*000*2025-04-19 16:38

I've wrote quite a few stories in the interactive section but I wanted to try some standalone fiction. This is a story based on a true experience (just embellished) so when I have finished, I will post it in the 'experiences' section too. I hope you enjoy...

Here is an animated version of what Amy looks like:

###

Amy in the hot-tub:

Part 1:

It was a warm summer evening and Amy was lounging in the hot-tub with her friends - Jenna, Ryan and Eric - and her boyfriend, Sean. It was quite a new friendship group as Amy and Sean had recently moved into the area: a hot-tub party had proved to be a popular idea for a house welcoming and so, here they all were drinking, enjoying the bubbles and laughing.

Beneath the cordial atmosphere however, there was a growing problem. Amy really, really needed to pee. Only, she had only just excused herself to go the toilet and getting up to go again could lead to taunts and chuckles from her new friends. She didn't want to be the 'small-bladder girl' or 'the girl who can't handle her drink' so she just held it despite her growing discomfort.

The urge had creeped up half an hour ago and it was only growing. She would soon be absolutely bursting. But there was no way she could face the shame of another toilet trip so soon (nobody else had gone since she had) and there was no way she could pee in the water like some people did in case her new friends noticed.

As she shifted uncomfortably in the warm water, trying to find a position which relieved the pressure, she felt Sean's arm slide around her slim waist.

"You okay, babe?" he murmured in her ear, his voice low and teasing.

Amy swallowed hard and nodded, forcing a smile. "Yeah just - just warm in here."

Sean smirked, clearly unconvinced. He was annoyingly astute and knew her too well. He pulled her a little closer and whispered. "Are you sure? You look kinda... tense."

Amy's cheeks burned in the presence of their new company. "I'm fine."

But Sean wasn't letting it go. He leaned in even closer, his whiskey breath tickling her ear. "Or..." he muttered mischievously, "do you have to pee again?"

Amy stiffened, her eyes widening in horror as she turned to glare at him. "Sean!" she hissed under her breath, hoping the others hadn't heard.

His grin widened. "Oh my God, you do!" He chuckled, keeping his voice low enough that only she could hear. "Why don't you just let it go here? No one will notice."

"Absolutely not!" she whispered back, mortified. "Besides, I'm so full it definitely would be noticeable" she added.

Sean wasn't done teasing. He trailed his fingers lightly over her bladder, sending a shiver through her slender body. "You know..." he said, his voice dripping with amusement. "All this warm water... all these bubbles... so relaxing. I bet it makes it so hard to hold?"

Amy clenched her thighs together, biting her lip. "Stop it!" she whined, but she could feel herself struggling.

Sean's smirk turned devilish. "Or maybe I should make a loud announcement - 'Hey guys, Amy needs another bathroom break already. She's about to piss herself'".

Amy grabbed his wrist in panic. "Don't you dare!"

"You guys okay?" Jenna interjected, noting their muted conversation.

"Oh yeah, just fine!" Sean said, leaning back in so that his bristles were touching Amy's ear. "Alright babe, I'll behave. But you better go soon or else you might not have a choice but to pee in the tub."

Amy groaned, squeezing her eyes shut. She was never going to survive this night.

To be continued...

*003*2025-04-20 10:17

Part two:

Amy sat stiffly in the bubbling water, her pale legs tightly pressed together beneath the surface. The drinks kept coming, and though she tried to pace herself, the alcohol was only making her unbearable need even worse. Each shift of her body sent sharp pangs through her bladder.

She glanced at Sean, hoping he'd lost interest in teasing her, but the amused glint in his eyes told her otherwise. He knew exactly what kind of trouble she was in.

Finally, after another desperate pang shot through her, she decided she couldn't take anymore. If she didn't get out now, she was going to humiliate herself in front of everyone. Amy took a deep breath and start to rise out of the water. "I... I think I'm gonna take a quick break" she said, trying to sound casual.

But before she could step out, her friend Jenna reached out, grabbing her wrist. "Oh no, don't leave now! We were just about to do another round of shots."

"Yeah, stay!" Ryan chimed in. "It's not the same without the whole group."

Amy hesitated, shifting her weight from foot to foot, barely able to stand still. "I'll be right back" she stammered, but Sean wrapped an arm around her waist and gently tugged her back down.

"Come on, babe, you can hold out a little longer" he whispered teasingly. His hand rested on her hip, fingers tracing light patterns over her skin. "It's just getting fun" he added.

She shot him a desperate glare, but with everyone watching, she felt trapped. If she insisted on leaving, they'd start asking questions and there was no way she could admit the truth.

Reluctantly, she sank back into the water, biting her lip so hard it hurt. The second she sat down, a wave of pressure crashed over her, making her squeeze her thighs together even tighter.

Sean leaned in closer, lowering his voice just for her. "Uh oh, bad decision. It's getting bad isn't it?" he whispered, his tone dripping with amusement.

Amy inhaled sharply through her nose, her whole body tensing. This is a nightmare.

The conversation around her carried on, but she barely heard a word. She was too focused on the unbearable fullness inside of her, the constant pulse of urgency that refused to fade. Every minute that passed felt like an eternity.

Sean's fingers trailed absentmindedly along her side as they took their shots of tequila. His touch was both comforting and torturous. He was enjoying this far too much. "You're really struggling aren't you?" he whispered again in a drunken voice.

Amy swallowed hard, her heart pounding. She was beyond struggling - she was on the verge of losing control.

An the worst part? She was no longer sure if she could hold it.

To be continued...

*004*2025-04-21 10:23

Part 3:

By now, Amy was in absolute agony. Her bladder was so full, it hurt. Every tiny movement sending sharp pangs of desperation through her body. The warmth of the hot-tub wasn't helping either - it was making it so much harder to hold. But she forced herself to hold on. The ferocity of her pee would surely be noticeable if she lost control in the water now.

Her friends were still drinking, laughing, and having a great time, oblivious to her suffering. Every time she tried to subtly shift or cross her legs even tighter, another wave of desperation threatened to overwhelm her.

"Come on, Amy, one more drink" Jenna cheered, waking her from her daze, holding out another shot.

Amy shook her head quickly. "I... I'm good" she stammered, afraid that even a tiny sip would push her over the edge.

"Come on, Amzz, don't be lame" their friend Ryan said, raising a glass. "We're all doing one more together. Last one, promise".

Before she could protest, Sean plucked the shot from Jenna's hand and held it up to Amy with a smirk. "Just one more, babe" he murmured, his eyes twinkling with mischief.

She hesitated, but with everyone watching expectantly, she had no choice. Holding her breath and her bladder, she took the shot, wincing as the liquid burned down her throat. She could almost feel her bladder throb violently in protest to the additional liquid and she had to clench every muscle to avoid an accident. But it was a close call.

Sean leaned in, his hand resting lightly on her thigh under the water. "That was brave" he teased. "But maybe not smart."

Amy shot him a panicked glare, her nails digging into her palm as she held on. "I'm this close" she whispered furiously. "Stop messing with me."

But Sean, devilish as ever, was far from done. Smirking, he reached down and without warning, tickled Amy's barefoot under the water. It would have looked like harmless flirting to the rest of the group.

Amy tensed. "Don't."

Sean's grin widened. "Don't what?"

Before she could stop him, he reached for her foot again - this time deliberately tickling in between her toes.

Amy jolted, her entire body locking up. "S-Sean-!" she gasped, barely holding back a whimper.

He chuckled. "Oh wow, I love how ticklish your feet are."

She shot him a murderous glance but he wasn't backing off. His nails skimmed along the soles of her feet again, sending another unbearable shiver up her leg. She clenched her fists, her whole body shaking as she fought a tidal wave of pressure.

Jenna noticed their antics. "Wow, you two are awfully handsy this evening" she chuckled.

Amy's face reddened. Her bladder was at its absolute limit. If Sean didn't stop, she was going to lose it.

He must have sensed how bad it was because he leaned in close once again. "You're not going to make it. are you?" he whispered, amused.

Amy gripped the edge of the hot-tub, her breath shaky. She had to get to the bathroom NOW. She was right on the edge, seconds away from losing it...

To be continued..

*005*2025-04-22 20:15

Part four:

Amy was at her absolute limit. Every second in the hot-tub felt like torture as her bladder screamed for relief. The swishing of the water, the alcohol and Sean's relentless teasing had pushed her so far that she could barely sit still.

Jenna looked at her, concern registering in her face. "You sure everything's okay there, Amy?"

She was about to come clean and admit she was absolutely bursting to pee when Ryan poured another round of drinks, grinning. "Okay, one last one before we get out" he announced.

Amy shook her head quickly. "I'm really done" she said, her voice strained. She needed to get out NOW. If she didn't, she was going to have an accident in front of everyone.

"Oh come on, just one more" Ryan insisted.

"She already had her last one, dude" Sean said smoothly, jumping to her rescue for once. His hand resting on her thigh under the water. "I think she's got something else on her mind." His fingers gave the slightest squeeze as another sharp pang passed through her. Oh, how had she let it get this bad?

Amy's breath hitched. "I - I need the bathroom" she said, hurriedly, as if it was the most embarrassing thing in the world, finally forcing herself to stand up.

But before she could steady her full bladder and climb out of the hot-tub, Eric suddenly shot up in front of her. "Actually, I better go first" he said, wobbling slightly from the drinks. "I really gotta go."

Amy's heart dropped. "Wait..."

But it was too late. Eric was already making his way inside, likely only just feeling the urge while Amy's dumbass had been bursting for over an hour. She heard the unmistakable sound of the bathroom door locking from outside.

Amy was frozen in horror.

No. No, no, no.

This couldn't be happening.

She stood there helplessly, one foot on the edge of the hot-tub, her entire body trembling. The moment she tried to move, a sharp, unbearable pressure pulsed through her abdomen.

Sen leaned back, watching her with a knowing smirk. "Uh-oh" he murmured. "Looks like you're gonna have to wait."

Amy shot him a look of pure panic. "I can't wait" she whispered, barely able to get her words out.

Sean's smirk widened. "That bad, huh?"

She nodded frantically, squeezing her thighs together so tightly, it hurt.

Jenna glanced over at her again. "You sure you're okay?"

Amy forced the most strained smile of her life. "Y-yeah! Just... really hoping Eric hurries."

Sean chuckled beside her. "Yeah, she can't afford a time-waster."

Amy bit her lip hard. Every second felt like a countdown to disaster. She was standing there on the verge of completely wetting herself and there was nothing she could do.

She could only hold and pray.

To be continued...

*006*2025-04-29 16:24

Part five:

Amy was dying.

She stood in the garden on the verge of peeing herself in front of her relatively new - probably never to be after she peed herself like a little girl - friends. Her hands were pressed tightly between her thighs as she hopped from foot to foot. Every second felt like torture. Her bladder was so painfully full that she could feel it pulsing with every movement.

Inside the house, Eric was still locked in the bathroom. The sound of running water drifted out, making her whole body tense up in desperate agony.

Hurry up, hurry up, hurry upppp!

Unsurprisingly, her friends had all noticed her predicament. Little noises of realisation spread as they understood why Amy had seemed so shifty and tense for the last couple of hours. But instead of sympathy, she was met with laughter and teasing suggesting they didn't know how close she was to losing it.

"Jeez, Amy, do you really have to go that bad?" Jenna giggled, watching her squirm.

"Oh my God, she's pee dancing!" Ryan laughed. "Just go in the bushes at this point."

Amy groaned, her face was bright red and her eyes were squeezed shut. "I - I can't" she whimpered, her voice tight with desperation. She was seconds away from losing it and she had nowhere to go.

Sean, of course, despite some concern, was nevertheless having the time of his life at his girlfriend's predicament. He came up behind her, resting his hands on her waist. "Babe" he murmured. "You're really not gonna make it, are you?"

Amy clenched her hands into fists, barely able to focus. "Sean, I -". She gasped as another wave of urgency crashed over her, making her double over slightly.

Sean chuckled, shaking his head. "Okay, okay, come on" he said, gently guiding her. "I know you don't want to make a scene."

Before she could protest, he steered her back toward the hot-tub.

"Sean, no-!" she whispered frantically, trying to resist but she was feeling way too weak to fight him. Her whole body was trembling from the effort of holding her pee.

"Just get back in" he muttered, smirking. "You'll feel so much better."

Amy's face burned with embarrassment but she had no choice. If she stayed standing, she would visibly humiliate herself in front of everybody.

With Sean's help, she carefully lowered herself back into the water. The torment of the warm water surrounded her, nearly making her gasp out loud.

I felt too good.

Too warm, too relaxing, encouraging her to do what she had desperately been trying to avoid.

Sean leaned in close. "Bet it's even harder to hold now, huh?"

Amy squeezed her eyes shut, gripping the edge of the tub with all her might.

It was coming and everybody was watching...

*008*2025-05-01 17:08

Part six:

Amy's eyes were squeezed shut. Her legs were pressed so tightly together, it was burning. She was barely keeping her pee in. She looked at the sky hoping for something to save her. But it wasn't going to come...

To make things worse, her 'friends' were not letting up.

"Come on, Amy. One more drink" Jenna teased, waving a glass of Vodka in front of her.

"Yeah, let's see how long you can last" Ryan laughed. "I bet she'd pee herself before she'd finished the glass."

Amy shook her head frantically. "N-no, i really can't" she gasped, barely able to breathe.

Sean, still sitting close to her, smirked. "You sure? I mean since you're in the water". His voice was low and teasing. "You could just keep drinking and let it go, y'know."

Amy let out another whimper. "No, no, no. I can't. I can't do that". But she realised she may have no choice.

The group, sat in deck chairs facing the hot-tub, continued drinking and laughing but she was barely aware of any of it. All she could focus on was holding it. Every second was a battle, every movement sent a wave of agony pulsing through her.

And then - it happened.

A sharp, overwhelming spasm of pressure hit her, stronger than anything she had ever felt before. Her body tensed as if shot with electricity and before she could stop it-

A leak.

A hot, uncontrollable spurt had escaped and Amy's breath hitched in shock. Her eyes widened, her whole body frozen in shock despite the warmth in her bikini bottoms.

No, no, no!

She clenched every muscle, trying desperately to regain control but it was too late.

Another leak.

And then-

A flood of piss.

Amy let out a loud, involuntary groan as her body completely gave up. A deep, shuddering relief washed over her as she finally lost control, the overwhelming pressure in her bladder releasing all at once. Warmth spread beneath her legs. There was a faint hissing sound as pee mingled with the bubbling water as she sat there, helplessly wetting herself in the hot-tub.

For a moment, she was too lost in sheer relief to care. Her eyes fluttered shut, her head tilted back slightly as the tension drained from her body. She couldn't stop. She didn't want to stop. It felt to good.

But then -

"Oh my God, Amy!"

Jenna's shocked shriek snapped her back to reality.

Amy eyes shot open in panic, her face flushing a deep red as she realised what had just happened.

Ryan's eyes widened. "No way- did you actually just..."

Sean started laughing through his nose. "Babe, I knew you were desperate but..."

"You actually pissed yourself" Ryan finished, amused. "Holy shit!"

Amy's stomach dropped. The warm, slightly discoloured water around her suddenly felt too obvious.

Jenna and Ryan immediately scrambled to the edge of the hot-tub, their faces twisted in amusement and disgust. "Ew, ew, ew" Jenna shrieked, grabbing a towel. "That's so gross."

Ryan had got hiccups from laughing so much. "I *hic* can't believe *hic* you just did *hic* that"

Amy's face was buried in her hands, absolutely mortified.

Sean put his arm round her but couldn't resist adding to the teasing. "Told you you wouldn't make it."

Amy groaned, sinking lower into the water despite bathing on her own pee. She wished she could disappear.

This was officially the most embarrassing moment of her life...

To be continued...

*009*2025-05-04 12:30

Part seven:

Amy was mortified and Sean was beginning to look uncomfortable at the ceaseless teasing of his girlfriend: that was his job after all. She had moved out of the hot-tub now and had a towel wrapped around her as her face burned with shame. She had never been more embarrassed in her life. The wet warmth of her accident was gone, replaced by the cool night air against her damp skin. But still, her 'friends' would not let it go.

"Oh my god, I still can't believe you actually peed yourself" Jenna cackled, struggling to catch her breath from the laughter.

Ryan was just as bad. "I mean, I thought you were joking. But you really needed to go that bad. That was legendary."

Amy groaned hiding her face in her hands. "Can we please stop talking about it?"

"Uh, no" Jenna barked. "You peed in the hot-tub! In front of all of us! You think we're just gonna forget that?"

Eric had returned from the bathroom now and his expression was torn. "I mean, I'll admit, I did stay in the bathroom slightly longer than I usually would" he said. "But maybe we should just move on now."

At this point, Amy was bright red. Exactly what she had been trying to avoid ad happened: she was the centre of attention. "S-Sean..." she hissed, shoving him. "Can we go home?"

Before he could reply, Jenna was in her face grinning. You should have seen your face when it happened. You looked wayyy too relieved."

Jenna pointed at her towel. "Are you sure you're dry now? Or should we stand back in case there's more?"

Amy groaned again but before she could say anything, Jenna started tickling her side. "Ahhh" she yelped. The towel fell to the ground and she instinctively jerked away.

Jenna's eye widened with glee. "Aww, are you ticklish?"

Amy's heart dropped. "Don't even think about it."

Jenna lunged, ready to tickle Amy into another accident. But as she did, she was held back by Sean and Eric. Ryan slinked away, outnumbered and outmatched.

Eric softly lowered her to the ground, almost falling on top of her. He wiggled his fingers on her exposed sides. "It's only fair if we tickle an accident out of you after teasing Amy all night."

Jenna shrieked, trying to twist away but Sean held her down as Eric, and now Amy, attacked. Their fingers danced over her sides, her stomach, the wrinkly bare feet - anywhere they could reach.

"AHHHH S-STOP! STOP!" Jenna howled with laughter, thrashing wildly as the tickling sent her to a fit of helpless giggles. She was way too sensitive and they were not letting up.

"Look at her squirm" Eric teased. "I think she's about to have an accident."

He leaned in close, grinning. "Do it" he demanded.

Jenna was laughing so hard, she could barely breathe. "NO. I CAN'T, PLEASE!"

Eric smirked. "Guess we keep going then."

"OKAY, OKAY" Jenna squealed, completely deflated. Her crotch darkened and a pool of pee seeped out onto the grass. "I'M PEEING MYSELF! I'M PEEING MYSELF LIEK A LITTLE GIRL. ARE YOU HAPPY?"

The tickling stopped.

Jenna rolled onto her knees. Her face so red, it looked like she would explode.

Eric laughed. Sean smirked. And even Amy shot a satisfied glance Jenna's way.

With the action over, Ryan slinked back into the garden. "What did I miss?"

"Sean and Amy were just leaving" Eric said. "Goodnight guys, I hope you had a- memorable eveing."

They left.

The End

