A Simple Sunday at the Park

Author: Lapis Lazuli

*000*2019-07-17 23:13

So I've had this story idea trapped in my head for weeks and i really need to get it out so like. this is my first omo fanfiction so please be nice aaaa

###

May 14, Sunday, 12:51 PM.

Cassandra's eyes flutter open, and her consciousness takes in the scenery of her dorm room, her presence on the planet. The memory of her dream drifts away like sand, and the lonesome girl lies there, putting off the need to get out of bed.

It's been a long week for Cassandra. The 19-year old part-time retail worker is normally quite social and peppy, but has been overworked the past week, having to work six eight-hour shifts the past week, as opposed to the usual three. Yesterday, on Saturday, she spent the eight hours groggily sifting through grocery items and using up all of her mental energy counting change. The moment she arrived back at her dorm that day, she basically conked out on the spot. The relief of finally getting to sleep in was overwhelming, but it's not all Cassandra had planned for her Sunday.

See, Cassandra's roommate has been gone for the weekend, to see their parents. In addition, they have no homework they need to worry about now (besides an essay due at the end of the week but let's not think about that kay?), which is the perfect opportunity to... take some time for herself. De-stress. Focus on... something else. for example...

Even before today she had been setting this up. That Saturday, she set a rule for herself, a simple rule. That rule was that she only got to empty her bladder once. That one opportunity she got was intended for her to be able to get through her sluggish work session without the extra fork of having to focus on something else AND her pee; Something she would normally be able to handle, but still, that was her sixth work day that week. As such, by letting go of her bladder at about the two-hour mark, and by spending the last few hours of work making sure to stay extra hydrated... the young woman woke up carrying urine from over twenty-four hours ago. It did not take long for her to remember this.

As such, Cassandra slid out of bed with an incredible pressure, a glorious weight, pressing hard against her urethra. When her feet hit the floor, she could feel the large balloon she was pressing back send shock waves of bliss throughout her pelvis, a feeling that led to a quiet moan escaping. Once again; utter bliss, but it's not gonna last long. She has her exact record set at twenty-five hours and twelve minutes before completely losing control, a time she has yet to beat. Today, however, she decides that she's gonna commit to doing so, and in an extra special and particularly daring way.

The first thirty minutes are spent dolling up. Cassandra is quite a beautiful young woman, with a striking figure; She has powerful hips and thighs, and being a bit of an exhibitionist, she loves to let them sway as she walks to catch eyes (when she's actually feeling decent). Plus, her breasts are D-cuppers, which she is proud of. However, she isn't just a butt and a pair of titties tied together with sticks, either: she has a bit of stomach, of course, but she is also quite strong; she doesn't have muscles ripping through like a bodybuilder, because that's... well, unrealistic and unhealthy, but it's clear that she's not a weakling if you take a look at her biceps; and, of course, her sphincter muscles. Cassandra spends the time putting on her makeup- a blissfully torturous affair, having to hold back from bouncing in order to get the wings right and such. Twenty minutes pass while she does this.

The remaining ten minutes are spent on deciding an outfit. Since it's hot she decided on a sunhat, but the other two choices are far more important. The first was a pair of high heels, which are infamous for making it much harder to hold the weight of an aching bladder... but even more importantly is her jumpsuit. Cassandra chose to wear an incredibly alluring green jumpsuit: it's backless, going down low enough to almost expose the curves of her butt; it is completely form-fitting, leaving nothing to the imagination; but most importantly of all, she's wearing it without underwear. No bra, no panties, no nothing. It's just the jumpsuit between her and the world. And there's no getting out of it. No pulling it out of the way to pee, no taking it off as she would expose herself... and an incredible, wonderful pressure it exerts. This is how she goes out into the world.

Water bottle and purse in hand, Cassandra carries the weight of her bladder out of her dorm and down the hall, holding on tight, feeling its intense jiggle as hops down the stairs. She doesn't want to be too conspicuous with the actual people at her college, but once she gets outside and gets off campus property, she lets her fullness show. As she walks, she openly holds tight on her crotch, crossing her legs, bending down... yet, the whole time, she has on an air of confidence, leading with her pelvis when she can, letting her bulge be prominent... and, very occasionally, letting drops loose. Just a few, not enough to reach a full spurt... at first.

About another twenty minutes have passed since she left, and she has arrived at the park. Cassandra takes a big gulp of her water bottle and peeks at her watch... It is 1:46. Twenty-five hours and sixteen minutes since her sphincter muscles have had the ecstasy of letting hot pee gush past them... twenty-five hours of holding the liquid of bliss inside a balloon superior in size to a cantaloupe. Cassandra chose this park for a few very particular reasons: it's popular, so there are spectators; it's far from home, so there's no possibility of being able to head back to pee, or get spotted by her friends at college; but most importantly of all, it has no toilets. Nowhere to drop the massive amount of pee Cassandra holds inside her pelvis, nowhere but the seat of her own jumpsuit, and nowhere to hide to do so... she smiles at the thought.

At this point, Cassandra's crotch has a decently dark stain, but it's only visible from up close. She wants to change this... she opens her legs, right there, puts her hands over her crotch, and lets it slip out... the feeling is of incredible bliss and naughiness, knowing that everyone can see... she sighs to herself lightly... but then, three seconds later, she cuts it off with an incredible bout of force. the stream sputters to a stop after about two seconds of deceleration, and her crotch and inner thighs are noticeably stained and wonderfully warm. At this point, Cassandra is painfully horny, and simply wishes to let it all out right there... but she doesn't.

Instead, Cassandra goes for a walk. she isn't holding on tight, though... enough that a drop gets released every few seconds or so, at least at first... she lets her hips sway, lets the weight of her bulging bladder exacerbate her momentum, lets the shockwaves of intense desperation course through her as her bladder bounces with every step. She knows people are watching, there's a woman over there, resting on a bench with a book... about Cassandra's age, and no less hot. She knows she's staring, watching her hips sway like a pendulum, her crotch and inner thighs grow increasingly darker as pee drips down, leaving elegant, naughty strokes of dark paint. She knows the look in her eyes, she knows that she's... intrigued. Cassandra knows this because she gives people that look all the time. It's a look of a subtle twinge inside one's heart, a subtle yet unmistakeable twinge.

It's been seven minutes, and Cassandra's inner thighs are deeply wet... and yet, her bladder still aches, pulses with intensity, with ecstasy. The trail of pee that follows behind her has gotten increasingly dark and wide, and a few drops of bliss escape every second. Cassandra passes a wink and a smile to her audience, who now carries her full attention... while Cassandra begins to lower her pelvis towards the ground. Eventually, she is squatting there, one eye on the girl with the book, rear pointed off to the side, where she can get the perfect view... as the flood loosens, and finally falls. Cassandra's head falls back in ecstasy as the glorious pressure and weight finally falls from her pelvis, soaking the crotch of her inescapable jumpsuit. It falls down, sprinkling along the seam right between her buttcheeks, as she quivers lightly.

The sprinkle of Cassandra's pee against her crotch, adhering it to the material of her jumpsuit, creates an utterly marvelous and powerful feeling. She holds her crotch and gives herself a light but incredible stroke of pressure as her steaming urine gushes out of her, as she gives a glance back towards the girl on the bench... a deep blush is shared between them. But then... suddenly, she raises her hands and makes some motions. it takes some effort to make out, but Cassandra is able to tell... it's sign language. The girl on the bench is signing her phone number.

As she is interested in language and wishes to communicate with all sorts of people, even across barriers, Cassandra actually knows sign language. she passes a thumbs up, and commits her number to memory, as she signs her own number back, with a wink.

One minute into Cassandra's stream, and it's still going strong. Her jumpsuit is soaking wet at the crotch, and pee continues to flow forth, but she wants to put on a show from all angles. As such, with a bit of effort, she stands up and faces directly away from the girl on the bench as she lets her hair fall back and strokes her fingers over her stream, across the fabric of her jumpsuit. Pee continues to gush forth, through her clothes, through her fingers, as it bursts down and soaks every inch of the inside of her pants, staining it all dark. It dribbles down and contributes more and more to the large puddle sitting there at the sidewalk, as her audience watches in awe. Cassandra sighs as the warmth of her pee hugs and wraps around her thighs, and as more and more of the blissful liquid gushes out.

Eventually, finally, at the two-minute mark, Cassandra's stream slows to just a few drops. Her bladder is empty, her pantsuit soaked, her mind bursting with eroticism. She strokes a finger across the wet material over her crotch, before turning around and giving the girl on the bench one last wink.. With that, she begins the trek home, smiling to herself as she takes in the eyes of all those who saw her in her pantsuit, the one that had its most erotic parts stroked with pee.

Fifteen minutes later, she arrived back at her college, and is able to sneak back into her dorm. It's exciting trying to get the door open while standing there with your hot butt sticking out, covered in piss... she hurries into her dorm before immediately beginning to stroke herself, masturbating directly through the now-cold fabric of her skintight jumpsuit. A powerful orgasm builds up under her hands, before eventually, with a deep moan, it bursts forth, sending shock waves of primal pleasure throughout Cassandra's body.

Now, she simply stands there. Tired, horny, wrapped up in a skintight jumpsuit. She peels it off to hop in the shower, coming out refreshed and tired. She checks her phone, and decides to dial something onto her phone.

The person on the other side calls back after a few rings.

"Hey. Are you the woman in the green pantsuit at the park?"

###

Thank you for reading!!! if you want to know, i actually do have a picture of the jumpsuit cassandra wore, or at least a very similar one. I found it on a niche and.... frankly, very very horny fashion site. here it is: https://www.gitionline.com/products/copy-of-neon-spots-jumpsuit?utm_source=criteo&utm_medium=display&utm_campaign=lowerfunnel

