The Currie Highschool Curses Club. - Interactive stories - Omorashi

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-09-13 22:35

Hi y'all, I've decided to write an interactive story! This one will be about a group of students uncovering a bunch of mysteries and secrets in their town. Scooby Doo with real monsters and omo basically. Let me explain some things before we get into it.

You have 5 stats that can be lowered and raised based on certain actions:

Capacity (how much she can hold.)

Luck (bathroom access basically. If this is low, she might get trapped, or there might be a line.)

Stealth (how likely it is that people will notice her urge/see her pee. Higher = less likely.)

Bravery (how willing she is to pee in front of others / wet herself)

Lewdness (how much pleasure she experiences from holding/peeing)

All of these stats are set automatically at zero (average) and can go into the negatives. Some stats will influence your options at the end of each part.

Choices will influence the story heavily, but not change the overall plot. It will always be about mysteries, and ghosts, and such. What you do within that constraint is all your choice though.

With that out of the way, let's get into the intro.

###

Ah, a beautiful morning in the suburbs. The sun is shining, the skies are looking clear, and the birds are chirping calmly. A perfect Saturday.

Only, it isn't Saturday. It's Friday. You're late for school! No need to panic, you still have plenty of time if you hurry. You just need to toss on an outfit and eat your breakfast on the bus. You might have to skip your morning pee, but as long as you don't make any dumb decisions you will be able to hold it till lunch.

Quick, pick your outfit!

Underwear:

A - normal panties (+1 bravery), B - lacy red panties (+1 lewdness), C - your most comfortable panties (-1 luck), D - no panties (-1 stealth, -1 capacity, +2 lewdness)

Bottoms:

A - skirt and leggings (+1 stealth), B - skinny jeans (-1 capacity), C - pajama pants (+1 bravery) D - nice dress pants (-1 bravery)

Tops:

A - oversized hoodie (+1 stealth, +1 bravery), B - graphic tee (-1 luck, -1 lewdness), C - crop top (-1 capacity, +1 lewdness), D - bright red jacket (-1 stealth, +1 luck)

###

Think of these as starting stats for your character here. I promise most answers won't be this complicated. If possible I would appreciate if you formated them as a sequence of letters (for example if you wanted no panties, skirt and leggings, and a graphic tee, you would type "DAB" as that's the letters each option corresponds to in that order.)

If that is too complicated, you can just type out what you want her to wear. This, and all other decisions, will be made by a vote.

*008*2024-09-14 15:13

For underwear we got: none.

For bottoms (decided partly by random number generator as it was a three-way-tie): skirt and leggings

For tops: crop top.

Combo (these will show up from time to time as I see things that would work together to affect a stat): no panties + skirt = waterfall/upskirt (stealth -1, if you leak, it won't be absorbed by anything and will fall straight to the ground. watch your movement, people can see your bare privates if your skirt goes up)

Cap:-2

Luck:0

Stealth:-1

Bravery:0

Lewdness:+3

###

You decide to skip putting on panties today. This makes you shiver, but also makes you smile a little. To add to this thrill, you toss on a skirt and some black leggings. People could see your privates if you so much as sat wrong! It's so exhilarating! As you toss on a crop top, you remember why you were so stressed a second ago.

You toss some toast in the toaster and race to pack up your things. While doing this, you notice a few objects around your desk that may come in handy. You probably only have time to grab one.

A: Period pad - this will absorb some leakage, but will fail if subjected to too much. Cancels out the waterfall/upskirt effect.

B: Portable Toilet - this will let you pee anywhere one time, regardless of bravery stat.

😄 Headphones - these can distract you from the urge to pee (capacity +1)

😧 Diuretic - taking one of these will result in an immediate, terrible urge to pee. Use wisely.

E (option unlocked by lewdness): remote control vibrator - typically you only use this within the privacy of your own home, but you are feeling adventurous today. You can attach it to you clit, insert it into your vagina, or attach it to your bladder. This will make the upskirt effect even more humiliating. (+1 lewdness)

###

That is an example of two other things, combos and unlockable options. Both of those will be pretty rare.

Yall idk why my phone insists on autcorrecting things to emojis. Happy and sad emojis are C and D.

*019*2024-09-15 04:43

New option: H. You may be wondering what it does. To that I say keep wondering.

(/j)

*020*2024-09-15 04:48

{{11 hours ago, Trickling Down said:

E

P.S. Wouldn’t the leggings absorb some of the pee, or are they more like stockings or long socks?

}}

Darn I was thinking of stockings while writing this. The effect will be changed to absorbing a couple drops before becoming saturated. The fabric (at least on mine) is very thin so thankfully nothing too major has to be changed I hope.

*022*2024-09-15 06:03

The vibrator has been chosen. Lewdness +1 (4 total).

###

Your face goes red as you shove the vibrator into the secret compartment of your handbag. You can decide where to put it later.

The toaster dings, and you grab your breakfast and run out the door. The bus pulls up at your spot right as you get there. You have to be pretty careful not to accidentally flash strangers when walking down the aisle to your usual seat.

Your friends stop should be soon, but until then you have some time to think. You hope the bus doesn't hit a pothole, as you are pretty desperate already. You feel pretty confident you can hold it till school at least.

Your friend Alli smiles and makes her way to your seat when she sees you. She's never been very good at starting conversation, so you will have to start talking. What do you say?

A: make basic conversation

B: ask about the supernatural. It's one of her special interests and she loves to talk about it.

C; complain about needing to pee. She might know some tricks to help.

D; just be silent and enjoy her company.

