So close but so far

Author: ~lisnikko~

*000*2020-06-30 20:44

(This won’t be very good , it’s my first time writing omorashi)

Leah woke up to the sound of her alarm clock beeping loudly , then she looked at the time . ‘’9:30?! I’m so late!’’ She thought as she quickly flung on her uniform and grabbed her bag , not having any time to use the bathroom . She ran out of the house , and walked to school since she had missed the bus. She finally got to her class and sat down . Luckily nobody really noticed Leah had arrived. She suddenly felt a slight twinge in her bladder, and realised she forgot to use the bathroom . 

She brushed it off and thought she could hold it , but after 30 minutes she was starting to get quite desperate , but she still just carried on with her work . She heard the bell go for end of class , so she thought she could go to the bathrooom in her free period , but when she got there the line was too long and she decided to just wait by her locker for her next class. She remembered she had a presentation in her next class. A presentation on water cycles.. she felt a sharp twinge in her bladder even just thinking about water.. she headed to her class regretful that she had not joined the line for the bathroom. She sat down in her seat and waited for her turn. Leah fell into a daydream and suddenly she realised the teacher was trying to talk to her :

“Leah! Leah! are you paying attention!?” Leah got shocked , she almost lost control of her bladder but she managed to stop it.

”huh? y-yeah sorry!” leah got up to start her presentation, but when she stood up she felt a sharp pain in her bladder and her panties started to dampen again , luckily she caught herself and managed to stop.

Not even half way through her presentation, she felt a small spurt escape her.

Then another.

Then another.

She blushed bright red , thinking everybody had seen it , but luckily nobody actually had.

She started stuttering , and the teacher just gave her a confused look and said “that’s enough for now, class dismissed.”

She darted out of the room , and ran into the bathroom.

Luckily , there was a free stall and she ran into it .

She started fumbling with the lock , but she was shaking so much her fingers kept slipping off the latch.

A little bit more urine came out of her and made a small wet spot on her skirt.

She finally managed to lock the stall.

Then she heard a tap start to drip , and the wet spot got slightly bigger .

She snapped out of it and started to take her belt off.

After awhile of trying to open her belt , she finally got it open but she couldn’t hold it and pee started to puddle under her feet as she slipped her skirt off .

It was no use, she thought. She just let the rest of the pee run down her legs and make a large puddle on the bathroom floor.

She walked out of the bathroom , trying her best to hide the fact she had wet herself.

She realised school was over , so she might as well go home and get changed.

