Slave Seth - Chapter Four

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-06-21 00:33

Back at the party, Seth paused before a mirror in the lobby. He straightened his collar, and walked into the party like he was walking on to a yacht, and right into Kane.

“Why, Tyler, I haven't seen you all night.”

“It's Seth.” Dr. My-Sack Yankit, the Lita rapist corpse-fucker, he wanted to add, but didn't. “Ambrose and I got locked out on the patio.”

Kane laughed. The Bella twins shoved between them, dragging Alicia Fox between them. Foxy was moaning that she was going to throw up. “Morning sickness?” Kane called after them.

Seth laughed, and followed Kane to the VIP section. His owners were in a lush, half-moon booth, still enjoying drinks and canapes. “Look who I found,” Kane announced. “Seems some smart ass locked our champ and Mr. Ambrose out on the patio.”

“Now who would do that?” Mistress asked no one in particular.

Seth answered. “I'm pretty sure it was Bo Dallas, Ma'am. But, I think he was just trying to be funny. You know how he is.” Seth had decided not to ask the Authority to find a reason to fire Bo, since Bo's stunt had facilitated his playtime with Dean.

“Indeed,” Mistress replied, dryly. “Little weirdo; I can't wait until his contract expires.”

The Authority and Seth laughed, and he and Kane sat down in the booth, too. Seth ordered water from the cocktail waitress.

“That...thing is the only one I've ever had to order to wear underwear,” Master sneered, after the waitress left. “You would think something like that would just be common decency, or even common sense, but no, not to Bo.”

“Being in the ring with him is truly a disgusting experience,” Seth said.

“We try to minimize that,” Kane replied, seriously. “We gave him a stupid gimmick, too. All you have to do is Bo-lieve!”

Seth felt good, on the same level with the Authority, but he knew it was just an illusion. He left the party early, to ready the suite for sleep. In his room, Seth stripped out of his dress clothes and buried his face in them; they smelled faintly of Dean's cologne. His underwear was stained with precum and smelled like Dean's piss. He put them in his laundry bag, tucked his again-erect cock into black boxer briefs, and pulled on the orange jail shirt.

He turned down the master bed and laid out the robes and a gown for Mistress; Master always slept naked. He put a bottle of water on both nightstands. Then, his phone, which he'd tucked into the waistband of his boxers, vibrated.

A text from Dean! Seth's heart pitter-pattered. Just woke up, really need to pee, J's passed out in the bathroom. I'm about to wet my bed! What should I do?

Seth looked at the time. Did he dare? It was Dean, hell yeah he dared! He texted back: I'll be right down. You can piss on me. He yanked his dress pants back on and swapped the jail shirt for “Never Shuts Up”. He grabbed his key card and dashed downstairs to Dean's room. He knocked softly, and Dean flung it open, clearly desperate and flustered.

“Is Jey really passed out in there?” Seth asked, thumbing at the bathroom door.

“Uh-huh,” Dean replied, miserably. “If you listen close, you can hear him snoring. He's been in there forever, and I really gotta pee; I even peed my briefs a little and-”

“Honey, it's okay, I'm here now.” Seth kissed him softly before sitting down in the desk chair. “Come here.”

Dean, still wearing his damp briefs, climbed into Seth's lap, and Seth instantly heard that distinct hissing noise before feeling Dean's piss soak his crotch again.

“Oh, fuck...I'm peeing my briefs...I'm trying...I'm trying to stop...I'm trying...Oh, fuck, I can't stop!” Dean managed to pull down the front of his soaked briefs, and a huge gush of piss drenched Seth's WWE t-shirt. “Sorry, Seth!”

“No, it's okay, I love it.” Seth took control of Dean's pissing cock, and aimed it towards his own mouth and let Dean fill it.

“Wow, you really are a dirty boy, aren't you?”

Seth swallowed, even though he didn't like the spent-alcohol flavor. “Yeah, I'm a dirty little fucker. Filthy in thoughts, words, and deeds.”

“I fucking love it!” Dean declared, and kissed Seth right on his pissy mouth before getting up and discarding the wet briefs.

“Hey, can I have those?” Seth asked.

Dean grinned and handed him the wet underwear. “That's a first, never had anyone ask me for my undies.”

“My first time asking for someone's.”

“Let me get you some dry clothes.”

“It's not necessary.”

Dean giggled. “What if someone sees you?”

Seth smirked. “I fell in the pool.”

Dean handed him a pair of sweats and a wifebeater.

“Okay, I'll put the pants on.” Reluctantly, Seth slipped out of the wet things and folded them neatly, with Dean's briefs tucked inside, and pulled on Dean's pants.

Dean snugged him. “You're so cute. Thank you for coming by and letting me pee on you.”

“Anytime,” Seth said, and gave Dean a quick kiss. “Sweet dreams, bad boy.”

“Good night, babe.”

Seth ran as fast as he could with a hard on all the way back to the presidential suite, hoping his owners had not beat him there. If they had, he would have some explaining to do. Luckily, the suite was still empty when he arrived. He didn't know how much time he had left, though. He hid the bundle of wet clothes under his bed and traded Dean's sweats for his uniform. He put his dog tags on and went to the sitting room to wait.

He couldn't stop thinking about Dean. It dawned on him that for the first time in years that he had a crush! It seemed stupid, not to mention juvenile, but the feelings were the same. Just to think of Dean made his face red, his heart throb, and the butterflies flutter in his belly. He could smell Dean's piss on his skin, a primal, erotic thing, and he got hard.

He awoke to the voices of his owners.

Master's somewhat sarcastic: “Awww, look.”

Mistress's somewhat tender: “Poor Sethie, he must be exhausted.”

Seth couldn't believe he'd fallen asleep on the floor of the sitting room. Quickly, he got on his knees. “I'm sorry Sir, Ma'am.” He stifled a yawn.

“You're good, Seth,” Master said, and patted him, then drew away, and looked down upon him with suspicion. “You smell like piss.”

Seth reddened. He had no idea what to say. His tired mind frantically scrambled for an excuse, or even a response, but he couldn't come up with one. He began to get scared.

Mistress sniffed. “Oh yeah he does. Did you have an accident, Sethie?”

Seth was relieved, Mistress had made the excuse for him. Feigning shame, he nodded.

“Oh jeez,” Master shook his head. “You're almost thirty years old, what's wrong with you? Well?” He prodded, when Seth didn't reply.

“I tried to hit the men's on my way out of the party, but there was a line. Then, I accidentally left the elevator on the wrong floor, but I thought it was the right floor, so I got lost trying to find the room,” Seth lied, in his meekest voice.

“Stupid Seth,” Master laughed. “I think you must be bleaching your brain along with that streak in your hair.”

Mistress laughed, too, then remembered the internet. “How many people saw you?”

“No one...Well, I passed by some people, and there were the people in the elevator, which is how I ended up getting out on the wrong floor, but that was all before I pissed my pants.”

“No one saw you afterwards?” She asked.

“No, I was already in here when it happened.”

“Whew, thank goodness. Thought for a moment we had another scandal on our hands,” Mistress said, visibly relieved.

Seth blushed, since he'd already caused one this year with his naked pictures.

“And you didn't even have the sense or decency to take a shower.” Master shook his head.

“I didn't know when you were coming back,” Seth said. “I wanted to make sure you didn't need anything right away.”

“Did you at least clean up your puddle?” Mistress asked.

“Yes, Ma'am.”

“You didn't wet the carpet?”

“No, Ma'am, I was in the bathroom when it happened.”

Mistress was apparently satisfied, and went into the master bedroom, but Master lingered.

“So let me see,” Master began. “You made it all the way to the bathroom and you still couldn't use it properly?”

Seth was hating this, elaborating a lie he might have to remember later. “I couldn't hold it.”

“Stupid Seth, don't you have an ounce of self-control?”

“Yes, Sir, I do.”

Master unhooked his belt, and pulled it from his dress pants. “Go to your room, Seth.” He folded the belt in half, and cracked it.

Seth obeyed. He knew Master was going to whip him for “having an accident”, but it was worth it. He would suffer a thousand lashings with Master's belt and tell the biggest lies if it meant he could play with Dean again.

Seth realized his room smelled like Dean's piss, too, from the clothes he'd thrown under the bed. He hoped Master wouldn't notice, but of course he did. “Your room smells like piss, too. Didn't you say you cleaned up? Did you lie to me and my wife, Seth?”

“Yes, Sir, I cleaned up, but I forgot to rinse my clothes. I'm sorry, Sir.”

“Strip, and get into position four. Time to punish you for your accident.” Master ordered. Master had already stripped, down to “manties”, this time a purple and pink zebra-striped thong.

Seth took off his uniform and bent over, holding his ankles. It was going to hurt, he knew, Master never fooled around when it came to giving his pet the belt, but he guessed he deserved it; he was a dirty boy, even if he hadn't had an accident.

Master whipped him with the belt five times, hard. It wasn't the worst Master had ever whipped him, but Seth knew he would still have welts, and would have to be careful changing in the locker room.

“Go rinse out your clothes immediately, and air out this room,” Master ordered. “Sometimes I wonder how you got as far as you have without someone keeping you in check.”

“Yes, Sir,” Seth said, dutifully, ass still aflame.

“I don't ever want to come upon a mess like this from you again, understood?”

“Yes, Sir.”

“Wake us up tomorrow at ten.”

“Yes, Sir.”

“Good night, pet.”

“Good night, Sir.”

Finally, Master left, and a wave of relief washed over Seth. He'd pulled it off, he'd done dirty deeds with Dean, and no one was the wiser. He laughed at his own pun, and pulled the pile of wet clothes out from under his bed. He found Dean's briefs, and pressed them to his face, feeling the cool dampness and smelling his scent. Seth placed them under his pillow, and went to rinse the rest of his clothes and hang them on the shower curtain rod. He inspected the welts on his ass, one for every lashing, but none were bleeding. Satisfied with his day, he went to bed and curled up with Dean's briefs. He couldn't wait to see him again. He hoped to see him in his dreams.

