Jinxed it

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2025-01-18 02:42

Spoilers for all of Arcane.

###

Vi and Isha had been giggling the whole day. It started out at small things, like Jinx and Caitlyn's typical banter. But as things heated up between them, so did the sisters giggling. Eventually, Jinx and Caitlyn were blindsided, pushed right into a trap set by the two. Jinx could tell it was mostly isha's handiwork, her older sister could never think of something this complicated. Caitlyn simply sighed and placed her hand on her face.

"And we aren't letting you two out until you get along!" Vi yelled from behind the repurposed garage door. Jinx could easily just shimmer up and get out of there, hell, her eyes were glowing at the thought. But, she knew Isha would've thought of that. Even if she hadn't, she didn't want to disappoint the kid. "We'll be back in two hours. There's snacks and water, so you won't die in there. Toodles!"

"Wait, Vi-!" Caitlyn yelled out. But she was already gone. "Oh my goodness. I can't believe she would- oh, well, I guess I can believe it." She chose to ignore Jinx, believing that to be the easiest solution.

"Ugh, could they at least let Isha in? I miss her already." Jinx twirled a wrench around her fingers. She'd much prefer if it were a gun, but most of her weapons had been confiscated by her older sister. As revenge, she hid all the alcohol. They both agreed it was probably necessary. Jinx groaned as she felt a slight urge press into her. "Don't suppose they gave us a bucket or something? I already gotta piss."

"That is disgusting! I know you have next to no shame, but peeing in a bucket?" Caitlyn recoiled slightly. Jinx smirked at how uncomfortable Caitlyn was.

"That's more common than you think down in Zaun." Jinx squinted at her, the pink light from her eyes narrowing to a smaller beam. She chuckled. "Don't really care about what's sanitary when you're being gassed every day." She instinctively reached out to twirl her braids, before realizing they weren't there. Right. She'd chopped them. Caitlyn froze, glaring at her.

"My use of the grey was unforgivable-" Caitlyn started.

"Then why do you expect me to forgive you?" Jinx stood, her bladder not especially liking the motion. She could manage it for now, it wasn't too bad yet. Caitlyn's eye narrowed even more as she stepped towards Jinx.

"Yet you yourself used it against the people of Piltover." Caitlyn jabbed, ignoring Jinx's remark. She reached for her rifle in case she had to defend herself, only to realize she'd left it with Vi. Jinx just laughed.

"What's that saying? An eye for an eye? I'm surprised you haven't heard it." Jinx winked at her, keeping her eye closed just a little longer than she needed to. Caitlyn grimaced as her hands balled into fists, but she faltered. Clearly, something was wrong. "You're hesitating. Scared of me?"

"Heavens no, you're nothing without your weapons." Caitlyn jabbed, her legs shaking slightly as she stood. An evil grin slowly spread across Jinx's face.

"Aww, does Piltover's princess have to pee?" Jinx mimed pity as she got right up to Caitlyn's face. "How dignified is the bucket sounding now?" Jinx tried to hide her own grimace as a wave of intense desperation hit her. Shimer sped everything up, and with so much of it in her blood to light her eyes, her kidneys were working double time. Not to mention it was mostly filtered out by them. Sometimes she pissed purple because of how much of it got filtered out.

"Not as much as you, evidently. And besides, a councilwoman's bladder is unparalleled." Caitlyn countered, exuding more confidence than she truly held. Jinx seemed to think for a moment.

"I bet I could beat it. Whoever wets themselves loses. Winner gets to piss in the corner." Jinx motion to the corner of the room they were held in. Caitlyn seemed disgusted. "Or are you too fancy for games?"

"Fine. You're on." Caitlyn scowled. Jinx held a bit of shock for a moment. She hadn't actually expected the piltie to accept the challenge. She started to get nervous, as she was planning to just piss in the corner when Caitlyn forfeit. Jinx's mischievous smile returned to her lips as she picked up a glass of water, slowly pouring it onto the floor. Caitlyn seemed to tighten up a bit, shifting her legs as she tried to block out the sound.

"You've clearly never held it by the river before. Let me tell you a funny story about that." Jinx cleared her throat as she drank the rest of the glass. She crossed her legs tightly, hoping Caitlyn wouldn't notice. "So I was operating down in Zaun, and I was absolutely bursting." She reveled in Caitlyn's desperate squirming as she recalled the story, but she had to press one of her own hands to herself as she told it. "I'm talking if I so much as tripped, it would look like I put yellow dye in one of my bombs. But I was being chased by enforcers. Couldn't stop for the life of me. By the time I thought I lost them, I had to pull my pants down in an alley before I could even check. Ended up having to fight five enforcers with my pants down. Ended up pissing on their leaders unconscious face."

"E-Enough!" Caitlyn squirmed in place, sitting down on the couch so she could grab at herself. She figured that if Jinx could play dirty, so could she. She dove forward, delivering a swift punch to Jinx's abdomen. At least she thought she did, but Jinx had perched on the back of Caitlyn with one swift motion.

"W-Woah is this what Vi sees?" She teased, a long spurt coming out as she struggled to get it under control. The hissing sound of Jinx's half-accident almost drove Caitlyn over the edge, with a slight warmth she felt spread out across her back finally doing her in.

"N-No- I can't-" Tears ran down Caitlyn's face as her bladder finally won, saining her white leggings yellow. Jinx would've normally loved to watch her humiliate herself, but her bladder was threatening to explode itself. She quickly jumped away from the growing puddle, holding herself as she shimmered away to the corner. Unfortunately, the ground there was already covered in slippery liquid, and Jinx fell right on her ass.

"Ah! God damn it!" Jinx yelled as the fall startled the piss right out of her. To her amusement, as shimmered up as it was, her bladder shot a laser of piss about a two feet forward. Confirming her suspicion, it was entirely purple. It was her damn instincts fault for making her light up her eyes! She saw Mylo in the corner of her vision, laughing hysterically. "Shut up!" She reached for her missing gun. After she finally regained her composure, she stood facing Caitlyn.

"We speak nothing of this." Caitlyn offered her hand. Jinx took it.

"Sure, cyclops. What about your leggings?" Jinx agreed reluctantly.

"I don't recall putting on leggings today, it's far too warm for that." Caitlyn winked. Or was it a blink? Was she always winking? Jinx just nodded, not knowing if she really was crazy, or if Caitlyn had just hid her leggings somewhere. Jinx figured she could get away with a piss stain on her own pants, so long as she washed them tonight.

"Good to see my two favorite people getting along!" Vi opened the door, Isha following behind her. The little girl scowled at Vi. "Okay, you outrank them a bit." Isha smiled, before running over to hug Jinx's leg. It felt warmer than usual, and Jinx smelled worse than normal too. She figured she just needed a shower.

"We didn't kill each other. Actually, I don't think we even got violent. You should take us to that sushi place I love so very much, my kinda sister who I love more than anything." Jinx did her best to look like a good sister, but came across as a creepy grinning goblin staring directly into Vi's soul. The effect was the same either way, as Vi reluctantly nodded. Caitlyn just walked with them, sure if she said anything it would come out incomprehensible through the nerves.

###

Surprising the show with lesbians is the show I didn't make lesbian omo for. I guess I'm just tired of writing about gay people who love each other. I don't really know how I waited till season two to watch Arcane, literally the best animated show ever.

