Fanny's Desperation Game

Author: LeroyBeatle

*000*2021-08-17 21:17

Hi everyone. It's my first post, and m'y first story. I hope you will like it. I apologize, my original text is in french, so the english version is only make by Google Trad. So it's possible there are a few mistakes with word or sentence. I let the french version. Enjoy !

English Version ( Google Trad )

The evening had started so well.

Fanny had been invited by her neighbor to go have a drink. His blood had only made one turn: it was a moment that he liked it enormously. She hadn't taken any interest in him right away, because of the age difference: she was going to turn 32 when he was barely 26. But they had started to discuss and he had liked her very quickly. . She had taken a long time to realize it, because Fanny was very complex about her physique. She was indeed very round, with good thighs, large buttocks and a small emerging stomach. Her waist, on the other hand, was quite slim.

She then looked for how to dress, and decided to keep it simple: an orange-yellow tank top that hugged her well-rounded breasts perfectly, as well as jeans. She felt a little cramped in it, but she liked him. For once in her life, she felt sexy.

So she left her apartment and knocked on the door of her neighbor, Justin. This opened almost everything. He had put on a simple shirt, the black of which contrasted with the blondness of his hair. The same blond as Fanny's long hair.

- You are beautiful, he told her.

- Thank you ... she replied, blushing

He found that embarrassed air absolutely cute. They left the building and headed for the city center. They chatted about everything and nothing, making sure not to slip up on this first date. They quickly arrived at the bar, and ordered two beers. Fanny loved beer, but hated its side effect, namely the urge that it caused.

- It makes me weird to see you like this, she said to Justin. Finally, I mean, in other words than that of simple neighbor.

He looked at her insistently:

- And ... Do you like it? he asked her with a smile.

- I .... Yes I think so.

She felt ridiculous babbling in front of a man who could be her little brother; The discussion continued. Fanny felt her bladder swell with urine. She changed position in her seat, so as not to make the urge worse.

- All is good ? Justin asked him

- Yes yes, don't worry.

- And if we played a game, to get to know each other better! Do you know the Truth Action? Shall we play a game? Whoever refuses or fails to order a pledge.

Fanny wondered where he was coming from, but accepted. She liked this playful side that her companion had.

- So I start: Truth or Dare?

- Uh ... Truth! replied the young woman

- Let's see .... How many boyfriends have you had before me?

That she would have suspected

- Just 2. Maybe a third soon, she replied with an eloquent smile. Mine, Truth or Dare?

- Truth

- What made you invite me?

- I don't know, an intuition, a desire.

These words had the effect of a heat wave in Fanny's body and crotch. She will be her thighs and crossed them, because her desire was becoming more and more important. She started to squirm in her chair, but refused to get up for fear of appearing as a pisseuse unable to control her bladder.

“Very well,” Justin said. Truth or Dare ?

- Action, answered Fanny for a change.

Justin watched the young woman squirm, and had an idea.

- You have to drink another pint!

- Uh .... ok, she said. But I just have to go to the bathroom first.

- Out of the question, you have to do it now otherwise it's a pledge, Justin replied with a perverse glint in his eyes.

Fanny began to suspect something. She had read on a forum that there were different people who fantasized about seeing his companion or his companion have a pressing desire, or even get over it. She thought about it right away, but maybe it was just her imagination, maybe he was just trying to get her to drink to make her more comfortable.

So she ordered a pint and Justin watched her lock it up. He was already fantasizing by imagining the liquid acting on the young woman's bladder, filling it inexorably until it overflowed. And this is precisely what was happening: Fanny had already drunk a liter of beer and her bladder was showing itself seriously. But for some reason she didn't know, she loved it, that sense of urgency, that sense of intimacy with her neighbor.

- How are you ? Justin asked

- Yes, yes, it's okay, she assured him, crossing her legs even more. Okay, it's your turn now.

- Action!

Fanny hesitated, then made up her mind, the alcohol certainly helping her to be more enterprising.

- You have to do something to me that surprises me, she said to him with a mischievous air.

Justin quoted her, he knew very well what he wanted to do. He stood up slowly and approached his neighbor. He leaned over delicately, his lips almost touching hers. Fanny's heart was beating wildly, the stress and excitement further accentuated her desire. Justin's lips were only inches from his.

It was then that when they were going to kiss, Justin had a movement of the hand and vigorously squeezed the bladder of the young woman. This one narrowly missed the flood. She could not hold back a few jets which slightly soaked her panties. Fortunately, no stains appeared on his jeans. Looking satisfied, Justin sat down. Fanny didn't know if it was the influence of the pressure of her bladder against her clitoris but she felt an extreme excitement rise in her. Surprisingly, she did not hold it against her young neighbor. Better still, she liked his sense of initiative. It made him want to end up in bed even more tonight.

She crossed her legs even more and decided to play it. Justin couldn't take his eyes off the gorgeous woman sitting across from him, who waddled in her chair, putting her hands in her crotch as she squirmed. His erection almost ached. He decided to play fair with her.

- Truth or Dare ?

- Truth, she replied, biting her lower lip, on the verge of breaking.

- Let's see ... I see you look indisposed, have you ever pissed on yourself?

Fanny felt a huge discomfort now. The excitement gave way to a slight uneasiness. She only realized now that she was in the middle of a bar, with lots of people around. Certainly, it had already happened to her once to piss herself on when she came home from a party: she was accompanied by a man and she had not been able to go to the bathroom that evening. Arriving in front of his house she couldn't take it any longer, and as soon as her date had he put the keys in the lock of her front door, the young woman's bladder was emptied, flooding her thighs, her skirts, her tights, the hallway of the building and the feet of her companion, whom she had obviously never seen again. But in no case was she prepared to talk about it here.

- I ... sorry I pass my turn ... she replied, leaning forward to relieve the pressure on her bladder.

- Well, you have a pledge, you have to drink another 2 more pints, it's me who pays.

Now Fanny was sure, Justin wanted to see her get on it. Oddly enough, the uneasiness passed. Maybe it was due to alcohol, maybe it was Justin's reassuring gaze, but the fact is that Fanny emptied her other 2 pints under the eager gaze of her companion. She had now drunk 2 liters of beers.

She couldn't take it anymore. She couldn't move anymore without her bladder calling her to order. No position was comfortable, his desire was more than pressing. She was terrified of peeing herself in the middle of the bar, so she said:

- Listen, I ... I really can't take it anymore, I have to go home.

Justin replied straight away, as if he had only been waiting for this:

- Alright, let's go!

While he was paying the bill, Fanny dragged himself outside as quickly as she could. She had difficulty walking, her bladder appeared swollen through her jeans. She waited for her partner, waddling from one leg to the other. She dared not put her hands between her legs for fear of appearing ridiculous in front of the many people sitting on the terrace, but it was not the urge that she lacked, in every sense of the word. Fanny had never found herself with such a pressing desire. She had the impression that her bladder was going to literally explode, that she was going to flood her jeans in front of her neighbor and thus drown her chances for the future with him. But on the other hand, she felt that something was happening, that deep down Justin was just waiting for it. When he returned, she decided to play it, to accentuate his waddling, his crossing of thighs in order to titillate him. It seemed to please him because he dragged him to the door of the building.

- Am I wrong or do you really want to piss, Fanny? he asked

- No, she replied in a whisper, I ... I can't take it anymore, I'm going to pee on myself. It's your fault you made me drink too much.

She had fun squeezing her bladder, uttering a small moan, which had the effect of hardening Justin's erection even more. He pushed her into the ground floor and called the elevator. They got inside and Fanny pressed the button hastily. She was slightly uneasy again: she realized that she was about to pee on herself, at 32 years old. The departure of the elevator pulled her out of her moods.

With a mischievous air, Justin pressed all the buttons that separated the ground floor from the 3rd floor, which resulted in a stop on each floor, and therefore precious minutes lost for poor Fanny. These no longer sought to hide, she arched back, both arms lodged in his crotch, himself masked by his frantic crossing of thighs. She squirmed like a possessed one, knowing she was reaching her limits. Her perineum was burning her and she now had only one idea in mind, to evacuate.

She decided to try something nonetheless, the ridiculousness of the situation couldn't be worse. She turned her back on her friend and squirmed so hard that her ass pressed against Justin's cock. This one being leaned against the wall of the cabin, it was now sandwiched between the wall and the buttocks of the young woman. His frantic waddling from the pressure of his bladder caused him to rock back and forth against Justin's body. This one was delighted. His friend's large ass pressed against his penis, stirring frantically with natural urge.

- Are you sure it's going to be okay? he asked, to furnish.

- It depends, what do you expect from me, asked Fanny on the verge of rupture.

In response, he hugged her around the waist, pressing his butt even harder against him, and with a forceful movement he squeezed the young woman's bladder. The pressure was such that she narrowly missed the flood. She moaned in both embarrassment and pleasure. She squirmed like crazy as Justin kept the pressure on. In their own way, each took advantage of the situation. Only the tinkle of the elevator indicating that they had arrived pulled them out of their trance.

Fanny rushed to the door of her apartment. But Justin held her back and hugged her.

- Come to my place instead, he whispered in her ear.

Anything as long as she could use the bathroom. She was starting to really feel the urgency of the situation. Fabien unlocked the door and they entered. But once the door closed, Fanny's floodgates opened.

She started with a moan, then gripped his crotch tightly. But soon we started to see a dark spot covering his thighs. She tried in vain to hide it but they were too large and urine soaked her legs. Drops of piss cascaded from her thighs and fell to the floor with a loud splashing sound. It looked like she had hidden a shower head in her pants and that it was wet from the inside. The electric light from the apartment reflected off Fanny's soaked thighs.

The release was such that she fell to her knees, to finally sit completely in her own urine pool which continued to grow as her bladder was full. Fanny's face was burning, but could only go into ecstasies at the feeling of liberation. She surfed on it for 2 long minutes, creating a gigantic pool at her feet, which soaked her heels and Juston's shoes. He could not take his eyes off this beautiful blonde, with generous thighs, her big posterior bathing in a pond of urine. The puddle filled most of the hallway from the entrance, wondering how long it had been holding back.

Fanny took a deep breath, and regained her footing with reality. The feeling of cold down her buttocks made her realize the state she was in. She no longer knew where to go. At 32, she had just urinated on herself, totally ruining Justin's own apartment. A lapping sound made him look up. She saw Justin swallowing her face, his shoes making waves in the pool of urine. He walked over to her and extended his hand.

- Come on, come on.

He helped her up. Many beads of urine continued to fall into the pond, making a multitude of waves on it. The heat of the urine began to fade, to give way to the cold due to the humidity. She couldn't suppress a shudder.

- I ... I'm sorry ... she stammered, humiliated.

In response, Justin kissed her fiercely. Fanny's blood only swirled around. She who thought to have ruined her chances with him, here he appreciated on the contrary to see her totally soaked. He kneaded her large buttocks, all wet with piss. It pleased Justin as much as it did Fanny. Taken too with feverish passion, she asked Justin to take her to his room, which he did. They thus spent the best night of their life.

