From a racetrack to a piss trail

Author: Lanny

*000*2025-10-03 18:21

Author's note:

HI fellow forum members! I'm Lan, a long time lurker here since a while ago! I've probably spent countless hours enjoying the posts made by the others.. sometimes maybe enjoyed them too much, hehe~. This time however, I wanted to make my little contribution. Last night I had a crazy dream about being a racer horsey, probably due to recently hearing about the Umamusume and seeing some cute art involving characters from there. The concept of a shy, loyal, hard-working houseboy seemed SOO cute to me that I just could not resist.

I sincerely apologize if I offend any real fans of Umamusume - this particular story is just a non-canon fantasy, where horseboys exist and train alongside horsegirls. Hopefully you enjoy the story :3

One of the characters in the story is named Haru. At the time of writing I had no idea about it coinciding with a real name from Umamusume - all the resemblance is purely coincidental!

Prolog

Yuta stood forcing on a smile, and pressing his thighs together and his knees bent inwards subtly, while shaking the hands of people he barely recognized. His head was a mess, and all the attention was not helping. The trainer was telling something, then some officials from school gave him a certificate, patting his shoulder roughly. Yuta just wanted to get back to the dressing room as soon as possible. His local university racing club had won, in fact, for the first time since the last year. And what a win indeed, since they managed to score just enough points to beat an elite racing club from the top leagues. Yuta's mind raced, his eyes darting to her, to Haru. He felt a sting in his heart, seeing some horseboys from the capital talking to her.

Why.. why is she smiling to them? I want to be the one she smiles to!

In this moment, he wanted.. no he needed her praise, her recognition. Equally urgently however, Yuta needed a restroom. Usually Yuta would complain about his legs aching after the race, except now his whole mind was focusing on his swollen, aching bladder. Despite the pain, he forced his penis in between his thighs, pressing them hard, gritting his teeth and curling his toes, just so that he could stand still for the group photo.

I've never had to pee so bad in my life... how do I keep doing this to myself?! - his mind raced, recalling the events that lead to this.

The race

Yuta often thought back to the day Haru first stepped into their modest training grounds. The local club had never been much to look at, just a handful of horseboys and girls running on a worn-out track for the love of it. Yuta himself was steady but unremarkable, the kind of racer who trained because it was routine, not because he dreamed of glory. Then Haru appeared. She carried herself like someone who did not belong there, her back straight and her gaze sharp, the kind of presence that made everyone fall silent. People whispered about her past, about how she had once run with the elites before being expelled, but Yuta found himself drawn instead to the quiet strength beneath her cold surface.

From the first time they trained together, when she easily outpaced him, something inside him stirred. He realized he wanted to chase her, not for victory, but just to see how close he could come. From that day forward, his training no longer felt like a burden. His legs ached the same as before, yet now it felt like proof that he was still running toward something, or rather, toward someone. Over the months of training, Yuta and Haru were silently watching eachother, growing fond of eachother's training ethic. Yuta's admiration for Haru soon grew into a crush, however he had no idea if his feelings were mutual. That feeling returned to him most strongly on the day of the great match against the elite club.

The atmosphere of the venue pressed on him from every side, the murmur of the crowd mixing with the steady rhythm of his own heartbeat. He sat in the hallway next to the dressing room with a bottle of sports drink in his hands, the cold condensation slipping between his fingers, and tried to calm his nerves. Haru was chosen as their sprinter, and Yuta watched as she took her place on the starting line. When the signal cracked, she shot forward with perfect form, every stride precise and unshaken. The rival pressed hard against her, but Haru did not falter, and when she crossed the line first, the local club roared with joy. Yuta clapped until his palms stung, pride welling up in his chest. He waved at Haru when she passed by in the hallway, heading to the girls dressing room, and received a gentle smile back, and talking through her heavy breaths.

Haru: "Yuta! You are up next right? Good luck, show them who is the best horseboy in here!"

Yuta: "Thanks, I'll try my best! And great job there, Haru!"

Yuta checked the watch and retreated into the dressing room to concentrate. Whoever designed this stadium must have been a sadist. The nicely furnished large dressing rooms, meant for rest, waiting and preparation were where Yuta spent most of his of the time since the competition start couple of hours ago. The room had a section of free drinks and snacks. His eyes fell on the two empty half-liter bottles of sports drinks left on his seat, while he took sips from the third, almost empty bottle in his hands. He sat counting minutes before his race. Yuta was slightly jiggling his right knee and feeling a familiar weight in his abdomen, caused by his filling bladder. He glanced at the hallway, frustrated.

The fact that there was no dedicated restroom or shower room for the racers nearby was where the sadism of the stadium designer manifested. Sure, all the facilities were present, but it required a 10 minute walk across the campus. And the only restrooms on the stadium were located right in the middle of the entrace section, with lots of people walking around. Yuta's anxiety made that option unacceptable. He had just barely cleared his head from all the eyes and noise, so walking in full view of the audience to the restroom was out of question. And after all, what if Haru was also there? Despite his filling bladder, Yuta was confident. The club trainings were usually in the evening, after university classes. Due to his shy nature, Yuta had always avoided using public restrooms, so running with what other people would call an "uncomfortably full bladder", was not new to him.

Yuta's race followed soon after, a long-distance duel against one of the veterans. The weight of the stadium pressed heavily on Yuta’s shoulders. The eyes of strangers, the endless chatter, the rising tide of expectation all made his chest tighten. He sipped his sports drink again and again, trying to wash away the dryness in his throat, finishing the third bottle.

When the starting signal rang out, Yuta forced himself to focus on the rhythm of his breathing, the thud of his steps against the track. He ran steadily, conserving his strength, ignoring the pounding in his head and the weight in his bladder. With each lap, the noise of the crowd became a blur until only his opponent remained in his vision. Then, on the final stretch, he surged forward, legs burning, and pulled ahead just in time to cross the line first. The victory was his.

Relief carried him back to the dressing room, desperate for a moment of quiet away from the noise. At this point, Yuta realized he really had no choice but to use the stadiums restroom, accepting the embarrasement this time. Next up and the last in the queue was Aki, chosen as the second long-distance runner, and who knows when that would end. Walking by the dressing room, instead of silence, he found Aki, the team’s second long-range runner, sitting on the bench with tears streaking down his face. His ankle was swollen, his hands clutching it as if willing the pain from the injury caused during a warmup race, away.

"I am so sorry," Aki choked out, voice trembling. “I ruined everything. I can’t run, I can’t even stand properly. It’s my fault we’ll lose.”

Yuta crouched beside Aki, his heart going out for the poor horseboy, and his breath still heavy from the race. He squeezed Aki's shoulder.

"It isn’t your fault,” he said firmly. “We came here together, and we’ll finish together. Just... just leave the rest to me okay?”

His words were simple, but in that moment he meant every one of them. Instead of finally using the restroom and collapsing into rest as his body demanded, he rose and went to find the trainer. His legs still shook, his pulse still thundered, but his voice was steady when he said, Let me run in Aki’s place. I can do it. I will do it!

The trainer hesitated, weighing the risk, but the determination in Yuta’s eyes left no room for refusal. Permission was given. Barely in time for the scheduled race, Yuta returned to the dressing room, grabbing another drink, and heading towards the tracks. Confusion spreads in the audience and the organizers, when they saw Yuta standing at the tracks again, ready to race the second opponent. Adding to the suspense, the second race, was delayed to discuss the circumstances.

Twenty minutes stretched like an eternity as Yuta paced near the starting line, nerves twisting tighter with every passing second. The crowd’s energy pressed on him from the outside, louder than before, and his muscles ached for rest he could not afford. From the inside, his full bladder was aching, as if providing a counter balance to the outside pressure. Nevertheless, amidst the anxiety he sipped slowly from his fourth sports drink, draining it to the bottom, the taste flat on his tongue. He had no illusions about what awaited him once the race began. But still, he stood there, waiting, ready.

When the signal finally came, Yuta’s body felt like lead, and most of it seemed to be squeezed into his bladder. The first strides were stiff, heavy, and far too slow. His opponent from the elite club surged forward with ease, widening the gap almost immediately. Yuta could hear the crowd’s reaction, the dismissive smirking of the opponent, the low hum of pity from some and mocking cheers from others.

What am I doing out here again? The thought slipped in as his lungs screamed for air, his muscles pushing his legs and saving him from public humiliation demaned rest.

One race should have been enough. I already did my part. No one would blame me for failing now, right? I'll just be lucky if I make it to the finish without leaving a wet trail...

His legs burned, and every step seemed to hammer the doubt deeper into him. The earlier rush of victory was gone, replaced by the suffocating weight of exhaustion, and his parasympathetic system putting his kidneys into overdrive. He wanted to stop. Just stop, sink into the dirt, let it go, and let the race end without him.

Then, in the blur of noise and faces, Yuta’s eyes caught Haru’s. The world seemed to freeze for him, when he noticed Haru watching from the sidelines, standing apart from the others. Her usual calm, distant look was gone. In its place was something quiet but undeniable: sparkling eyes, filled with admiration, warm and sincere.

She’s looking at me. She sees me… like this.

The thought cut through the haze. It was not the trainer’s expectations, not the jeers of the crowd, not even the pride of the local club that pulled him back to life. It was **her**. Haru, with that look that told him his effort mattered, that even running twice, even stumbling so ungracefully and struggling, meant something.

I can’t stop now. Not when she’s watching. Not when she believes in me.

Yuta’s strides lengthened. Pain flared in his legs, but he pushed through it, forcing his body to obey. His vision narrowed and now he only saw the gap separating him from the finish line. The gap that had once seemed insurmountable began to shrink. With every step, his breaths came sharper, ragged, but his pace grew faster. The elite runner glanced back in disbelief as Yuta closed in, each stride carrying the weight of his determination and the weight of his bursting bladder that he was now fully ignoring.

The final stretch came in a blur of sweat and noise. Yuta could no longer hear the crowd, only the pounding of his heart and the thought repeating like a mantra: One more step. One more. For her.

And then, with the last of his strength, he lunged forward and crossed the line a fraction ahead of his opponent.

The stadium erupted. Yuta collapsed to his knees, vision spinning, but he knew one thing clearly - that Haru was still watching. And for the first time, she was not cold or distant. She was smiling, screaming and clapping.

The aftermath

They had done it. Not the elites, not the favorites. The small local club. Haru with her unshaken sprint, and Yuta, who had run twice when no one expected him to. Yuta slowly regained his peripheral vision and started to discern voices better. He stood forcing on a smile, and pressing his thighs together and his knees bent inwards subtly, while shaking the hands of people he barely recognized. His head was a mess, and all the attention was not helping. The trainer was saying something, then some officials from school gave him a certificate, patting his shoulder roughly. Yuta felt so small amidst this crowd.

Done with the race, the poor boy could no longer bear the throbbing pressure in his visibly swollen bladder. The subsequent events were a blur. Instead of letting his body rest, he was clenching every muscle, to last through the group photo he was dragged into. Holding the certificate in front of his crotch, he quickly gave himself several quick strokes and squeezes through his grey pants. His mind was numbed from the exhaustion and all he could think about was the pressure in his abdomen. 

He was desperately looking around, unable to make the executive decision to simply push everyone away and run off. That is until a tiny trickle escaped into his underwear. Yuta knew he was at his breaking point. He glanced at the top part of the stadium, near the restrooms, only to find a crowd and queues for the restrooms. Not willing to bet, he mumbled something to the trainer about going to see Aki and started waddling towards the campus. Haru was also down there, surrounded by several horseboys from the elite club, trying to hit on her. Yuta stopped, feeling a pang in his heart.

Why.. why is she smiling to them? I want to be the one she smiles to!

In his desperate trance, he didn't even notice how Haru's gaze shifted to him, and how she pushed through the crowd to catch up with him. Their eyes met, Yuta felt his body finally start to calm down. For the first time in hours, he felt a sense of peace which was threatening to bring humiliation with it. Haru stood in front of him, giggling. Not now.. please, not now, oh god!

Haru: "Yuta! Heeey, Yuta! Oh I finally caught you, champion horseboy. Um.. I was thinking, how about we celebrat-"

In contrast to the rest of his body, Yuta felt his abdomen spasm involuntarily. He grabbed himself, just as a strong second long spurt escaped into his underwear, making a loud squelching sound. Yuta felt his heartbeat synchronise with the numb ache in his bladder. If previously his bladder was the only part of him wanting to let go, now his whole mind had joined the game, turning the muscles of his abs into a ticking bomb. His whole being screamed. I need to piss right now.. somewhere, anywhere but not here

Yuta: "I'm so sorry, I- Ihavetogonow-"

Haru looked at Yuta confused and concerned. In the next moment she lost him, as he promptly walked into the hallway, changing his destination.

Yuta sticked his left hand into his underwear, through his pants. This both relieved some pressure from the tight waist, but also served as the last line of defense. His palm felt warm and wet and his fingers were squeezing his pulsing organ. Happyness of the victory, the fatigue, Haru's reaction and his bursting bladder all mixed into a whirlpool of cravings. With a wet spot down to his knees Haru reached the dressing room and his prayers turned out to work - he was alone.

Alone with the empty bottles he had chugged. Yuta groaned, feeling his abdomen spasm again, sending shivers through his spine. Despite the loud hissing from his crotch and warm trickles soaking the front of his pants completely, Yuta managed to undo the knot on the waist of his pants and dropped them to his ankles, grabbing the first bottle. Leaning on the wall with his left had, he pointed is half-erect penis into the bottleneck, moaning with closed eyes. Each exhale made his stream grow more fierce, and each inhale made it calmer, like a rhythmical wave of agonizing pleasure.

Meanwhile, concerned for him, Haru managed to follow him a minute later, peeking into the same room.

Haru: "Hey Yuta, are you ther-", she gasps, at the sight

Amidst his relief Yuta thought that he heard Haru's voice. The loud splattering on the floor becomes deafening a second later, as Yuta keeps peeing uncontrollably into the overfilled bottle. With shaking hands he grabs the next bottle, not before making a sizable puddle. With a beet red face he snaps at Haru.

Yuta: "A little privacy please?! Aaah.. I don't even freaking care anymore"

Haru looks around, blushing and her hands covering her mouth, muffling her response: "Oh god, I'm so sorry, I had no idea-"

However, instead of getting out she closes the door from the inside and stands guard, still unable to avert her gaze from Yuta.

With his face burning, Yuta swaps to the third bottle. His deflated bladder sends waves of pleasure through his abdomen, and the look on Haru's face makes him go crazy. His moans turn into short whimpers as his stream finally dies down. He sticks his dick back into his undearwear which now does little to hide his full erection. Yuta quickly puts down the third half-filled bottle, and pulls his pants back up. It was a peculiar situation. Haru was blushing and breathing heavily, her eyes darting from the wet trail from the door, all the way to the puddle that Yuta was standing in. Then to the bottles filled with his clear pee, and then to his drenched pants and to the pulsing lump in his crotch area. Haru's eyes meet Yuta's eyes, and her heart squeezes as she sees his tears.

Yuta: "Haru.. I'm so sorry about this! I was having an accident and.. I thought that.. at least here no one would see. You must be disgusted with me but.. p-please don't tell anyone. And please don't hate me for this!"

Haru rushed to Yuta, ignoring the mess. Her palms gently squeezed his flushed cheeks and she wiped his tears with her thumbs, and talking with a soothing voice: "Aw sweetie.. Yuta, sweetheart, I would never hate you! Look, accidents happen- it could happen to anyone really! Like.. with all the hydration, I've been caught short like this several times myself. Besides, you raced twice! You were exhausted.. and despite.. despite your emergency you ran so well!"

Haru firmly squeezed Yuta to her chest whispering with a shaking voice:

"I'm so proud of you for beating those two freaks! This little mishap doesn't make you any less of the Yuta I admire okay? I.. will still hug you like this and not let you go okay? Just don't cry please! This does not make you any less.. a-attractive too, you know."

Haru bit her lip, thinking: in fact, this was the hottest thing I've ever seen...

To be continued... maybe...

P.S. Maybe their rivalry can evolve from races to holding competitions~ I'd love to hear what do you think about possibilities to continue this story one day!

*002*2025-10-11 18:12

{{12 hours ago, LeakyPup said:

Very good story! Would love to see more! :3

}}

Thank you sooo much! Ehehehe, I just realized I've left a very important resource unused - Horseboys and Horsegirls have expressive ears and cute tails >~<

So leveraging that to show their emotions can be fun.

