Undertale - a desperate journey

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-01-13 08:49

Some clarification before we get into the actual story:

Frisk is female in this because it's easier for me to write. Frisk will still be referred to with they/them pronouns.

This story relies heavily on the narra-chara theory, or that Chara is the narrator of undertale and follows you around.

There's some charisk esque stuff in this, as of currently, no actual direct things. This is subject to change because I like writing romance.

Chara and Frisk are aged up to 19 and 20 respectively.

Some touchy subject will likely be covered, such as: suicide, self harm, abuse.

###

Chapter 1: THE FALL

Frisk awoke with a start, and began surveying their surroundings. A million questions began circling through their head as they looked around the room they had awoken in. It looked to be a large cave, with sunlight beaming down from a large opening in the ceiling. There was one exit to the room, a winding corridor in front of them. They looked beneath themself to see a large bed of golden flowers.

They stepped away from their temporary flower-bed and inspected the ground where they had been sleeping. Aside from the very obvious Frisk-shaped imprint on the ground, they noticed something very particular. A patch of raised dirt. They had fallen on a grave.

This realization left Frisk a bit uneasy, like they were being watched. They quickly continued down the corridor. They emerged into another room, this one not quite as large. In the middle of a room was a small patch of grass with a single golden flower resting in the center.

"strange," Frisk thought to themself "these things usually grow like crazy." their thoughts were interrupted by the flower suddenly sprouting up a smile.

"Woah!" Frisk cried out as they jumped back.

"Well, hello." They said rather politely as they regained their composure.

"Howdy!" The flower said in a grating sing-song voice. "I'm Flowey, Flowey the flower!"

"Very creative." Frisk said under their breath

"Yeah, like you could do better." Flowey snapped back.

"As a matter of fact I could, Dandy." Frisk retorted.

"Ok, let's just cut to the chase." Flowey smiled once more, this time a bit twisted. "DIE." Seed-like bullets began to surround frisk, almost reaching them and then... They disappeared? Flowey looked confused and angry, before getting hit from behind with a fireball, and running away.

"Hello, my child. Are you hurt?" A goat lady stepped out from the shadows to greet the human. "What a terrible creature, torturing such a poor innocent youth. Here, allow me to guide you through the ruins."

And the goat did just that. Frisk followed closely behind, as not to get lost on the straight and very clear path forward. On the way they learned this goats name was Toriel. This continued until the two reached a long room with a door at the far end.

"This, my child, is your final test." Toriel said grimly. "Make it to the end of this room... Without my help!" At this, Frisk feigned a shocked gasp, and put their hand over their mouth.

"I am sorry for this." Toriel whispered before she ran down the hall and hid behind a pillar.

It had been a bit since Frisk had some time to think, so they took the long walk down the hall to do so. They thought about how they had survived their fall, what the rest of the monsters would be like, and finally, they noticed they had to pee. Bad. Of course. Of course they didn't use the restroom before leaving the house, they didn't exactly expect to live long enough for that to be and issue. They were just supposed to climb the mountain and disappear, but no. Life just had to throw one more punch and make them wet themselves in an underground labyrinth inhabited by monsters who probably wanted to kill them.

By the end of their thinking, they had reached the end of the corridor. Toriel walked out from the behind the last pillar and gave a small speech about how proud she was.

"Well, Toriel DID say she'd had other humans down here before..." Frisk thought hopefully "Maybe she has a bathroom?"

"Hey Toriel?" Frisk began

"Yes, my child?" Toriel listened

"Does there happen to be a bathroom anywhere in this place?" Frisk asked with a small amount of strain in their voice.

"Ah, yes." Toriel answered. "There is one at home."

"Thank go- great!" Frisk said, relieved.

"However, is your need urgent?" Toriel questioned "I need to run some errands, I should only be gone for 5 minutes."

Frisk took a moment to reassess their need, and against their better judgement they said "yeah, I can wait."

"Alright, well stay here." Toriel said as she sped off.

Frisk waited a few seconds until they were sure Toriel was gone, and left the room. They were immediately drawn to a small pile of leaves, and decided to sit in them and think a bit more.

"Playfully crinkling through the leaves fill you with DETERMINATION." They heard a voice behind them.

"Who's there!?" They spun around only to see a floating, see-through human, about their age.

"Just me." The human-ghost-thing said. "The names chara."

*001*2024-01-13 10:08

Chapter 2: THE RUINS PROPPER

"So let me get this straight" Frisk said, a little confused. "When I fell on your grave, My determination woke you from death, and now you follow me around as a ghost."

Chara sighed "plus I'm tethered to your soul, I hear your thoughts like constant voices in my head, and I feel everything you feel physically. You only missed the important bits, don't worry."

The human and the ghost stared at eachother blankly for a moment, until Charas hands shot down to their crotch.

"FUCK!" Chara yelled "Holy shit we have to pee!"

"Yeah." Frisk said blankly "I'll deal."

"Just get going already!" Chara tried to shove Frisk towards the path forward, but their hands flew right through them. Frisk shakily stood up and began to press forward.

Soon they came to a few cracked floor tiles. Having no better option, they tried to walk over them. The ground collapsed beneath the human and they were sent plumeting down a story. The fall startled them quite a bit, and they leaked a little into their panties.

"HAVE YOU NO SHAME!?!?" The ghost yelled after they hit the floor.

"Yeah, says the one who's been grabbing themselves this whole time." Frisk retorted.

"W-well I havent had a body in 100 something years, I'm not used to this torture." Chara defended themself.

The newly formed duo made their way through the ruins until they cake across a bare tree. They vaguely heard Toriel on the other side. Frisk walkef around the tree and Toriel looked shocked.

"My child, I told you to wait! Are you hurt? How were the other monsters?" Toriel began to bombard Frisk with questions.

"Hey, m- Toriel," Frisk started, fidgediting quite a bit. "I really need-"

"Ah, yes, follow me!" Toriel began to lead the human to the bathroom of her house. "Here you are."

"Thank you" Frisk said quickly before rushing in and slamming the door shut behind them. They practically ripped off their shorts and panties and sat down on the toilet.

"... Well?" The ghost asked Frisk "Let it out already, I'm practically dying over here."

"I... Can't..." Frisk said shyly.

"What do you mean you ca-" Chara started, but then began to understand. "Ugh. I have to follow a human around all through the underground and they just have to be pee shy."

"Sorry..." Frisk apologized remorsefully. "It just won't come out."

"Hold on, I know a trick for this. Close your eyes." Chara began to carry out a plan. Once frisk was sufficiently relaxed, Chara delivered a punch right to Frisk's bladder

Frisk cried in pain, which slowly devolved into a moan as a jet of pee shot of out them. Frisk just closed their eyes and let it happen as the stream died down into a small dribble. Chara, unbound by the hearing abilities of Toriel let out an incredibly loud moan of relief.

"Damn, Chara." Frisk teased "You feeling good there?"

"Oh shut up!" Character yelled as their face went bright red.

"Anyway, Chara?" Frisk said as they began to clean up

"Y-yes?" Chara responded shakily.

"How did you punch me?" Frisk asked.

"I channeled a bunch of your determination into my fist, and it was able to touch you. In other words, we can touch eachother if we want." Chara explained.

Frisk exited the bathroom, and Toriel led them to their room.

"Hey Chara, there's only one bed..." Frisk said flirtily "wanna channel some of that determination and cuddle?"

"Yeah... That sounds nice." Chara accepted.

*003*2024-01-14 06:40

Apologies if the writing seemed dry for the first 2 chapters! I really wanted to write yesterday but had a bit of a rough time getting emotion into my writing. Anyway, into the story!

Also btw only Frisk can hear Chara, I was so used to writing it this way I kinda forgot not everyone will understand that lol.

###

Chapter 3: how was the fall?

As Frisk lied in bed and stared at the ceiling, they began to think. It was always dangerous when they thought. They decided they needed to know more about their permanent companion.

"You want to know more about me, eh?" Chara questioned, now floating at the foot of the bed.

"How did you-" Frisk started,

"I'm bound to your soul, and your soul is connected to your brain." Chara explained "So I can hear all your thoughts as if they were voices. It gets pretty chaotic sometimes. I figured you would be very embarrassed if you found out, so I only said it in a random info-dump that I knew you'd forget."

"That is a huge invasion of privacy!" Frisk quietly scolded Chara.

"Trust me, I don't want to hear about how you think I'm pretty, or how you are excited to be wearing a pair of my panties right now" Chara assured. "I just do. If it makes you feel any better, I can only really hear anything when your really fixated on a thought. Like the pure bliss after that piss back there, or the utter shock at hearing my voice for the first time."

"Ok, I'm going to process that you heard all of that while I sleep." Frisk hid their face in the pillow. "Goodnight!" Thankfully for Chara, Frisk had no dreams tonight. The 2 could rest peacefully.

When Frisk woke up, their light had been turned off, and a slice of pie lay on the ground. They put it into their inventory and exited the room. Chara was strangely quiet, so Frisk figured they were still asleep. Frisk found Toriel in the living room, reading a book and drinking some tea.

"Hello, my child." Toriel greeted the human "You are up earlier than I thought you'd be." Toriel sat down her book and sat up straighter "care for a cup of tea? I have some old human tea I could make for you!"

"Ask what flavor it is." Chara seemed weary

"What flavor is the tea?" Frisk inquired.

"Chocolate. One of the previous humans loved it so much, I just had to stock up!" Toriel seemed saddened by the memory "if only I'd known it was all for not."

"Oh hell yeah, she has chocolate!" Chara exclaimed. Despite their appeared enthusiasm, their eyes held a deep sadness.

"I'll take a cup of tea." Frisk accepted politely. Maybe the chocolate could cheer Chara up?

"It'll take a lot of chocolate to improve my mood, Frisky." Chara said solemnly

"Challenge accepted." Frisk muttered under their breath. Toriel walked back into the room with a large mug, presumably full of chocolate tea, and handed it to Frisk.

Frisk, blinded by determination to make Chara better, chugged the whole thing and asked for another cup.

"Hey frisk I'm not sure-" Chara tried to warn the human,

"Shut up, you are GOING to feel better!" Frisk interrupted, and ignored Chara's warning.

Frisk ended up drinking three more mugs of chocolate tea before almost throwing up, and as a result throwing in the towel.

"Ok..." Frisk gasped, their head over the toilet. "You win..."

"This wasn't a competition..." Chara said, disgusted. The overwhelming taste of the chocolate tea still stained their mouth. "Anywhos, now that you're willing to listen to reason let me explain why I was warning you about the tea. I know from experience that that particular kind of tea goes directly to your bladder. Furthermore, your bladder is incredibly tiny. Lastly, perhaps the only toilet in the underground sits in front of you, but if you don't leave now, Toriel will probably destroy the exit to the ruins."

"Oh shit." Frisk already regretted all of that tea as she felt a slight twinge in her bladder.

"Let's get going." Chara said shakily.

They made their way down the exit, when they were stopped by toriel.

"My child, I may not let you leave!" Toriel shouted, panicked. "The monsters... ASGORE... Will kill you! Prove to me you can hold your own against HIM! Defeat me in battle!" Toriel entered a battle with frisk, the surrounding area disappearing as the infinite grid that was the battle space stretched out before them.

"This is just great!" Chara yelled in frustration, yet attempting to calm themself down. "Ok, ok. Just spare her and she will see we mean no harm." Toriel kept attacking, and the human kept sparing as Toriel's tough facade began to crumble. Eventually, Toriel gave up. She returned upstairs, defeated, and let the human exit into the rest of the underground. Into Snowdin.

"And now, the fourth reason you shouldn't have drank all that tea." Chara scolded.

"I'm confused, why does it being snowy make it worse?" Frisk asked.

"It's not the snow, it's the cold." Chara explained, "since you sweat less, much more urine is produced. This, combined with the natural diuretic of caffeine in that tea, and your abysmally small bladder, will almost certainly lead to disaster. Now get moving before you wet yourself right here."

Frisk did exactly that, not wanting to be caught doubled over holding herself any time soon. They decided to take note of their surroundings. A very clear path lay before them, surrounded by trees on either side. If worst comes to worst, they could always pop a squat and wait for the pee to force it's way out.

"So how do you know so much about the science of- " Frisk started. It was then they heard the snap of a stick behind them, causing them to jump, and leak a little into their panties. They continued on, faster now, until they felt the cold touch of what they assumed to be death on their shoulder.

"Don't you know how to greet a new pal?" The thing said ominously. "Turn around, and shake my hand."

*004*2024-01-19 03:30

{{On 1/13/2024 at 5:04 PM, JYMS2 said:

Excellent stuff so far - looking forward to seeing more of this!

}}

Thank you! Any feedback means a lot! Apologies, however, as I will not be able to write until next weekend. Me and some friends are having a LAN party, and after that I'm celebrating a friends birthday.

*005*2024-01-27 05:55

Hey, I'm back! This will mostly be a charisk development chapter I think. (I'm writing this before I write the actual chapter).

Serious apologies for messing up the pronouns in the last one, I'll make sure to proofread better this time.

###

Chapter 4: Yellow snow(din)

"Turn around, and shake my hand." The figure said from behind Frisk. The human froze in place, as their fight or flight response kicked in. They accidentally let out a small leak before they snapped out of their shock.

"HUMAN! Once more, I ask, do you have no shame!?!?" Chara yelled. Despite this, they were very noticeably squirming.

"Oh give it a break, will you?" Frisk thought to the ghost. "My bladder gets really tired after holding a lot."

"Oh so you've held a lot before, eh?" Chara teased. "You're kinkier than I thought."

"Oh S-shut up!" Frisk's face got a little red "I'm sure you've held for a long time before!"

"While I have an excu-"

"uh, you alright bud? did i scare you that much?" The being interrupted the silent bickering.

"This isn't over, human." Chara warned.

"Uh- I'm fine, sir." Frisk spun around and put their hands at their sides, looking at the ground. "Just a little shaken up is all."

"wow, 'sir', that's new." The monster said as frisk looked up to see the one they had been speaking to. When they saw it was a skeleton instead of another human like they thought, they relaxed a bit. Big mistake. Their hands instantly shot down to their crotch as another leaked dribbled it's way into their ghost friends old panties.

"ah, so that's what's going on." The skeleton now understood. "well, if i'd known we'd get a human, i would've built a toilet down here. there's one in new home, or you could get to waterfall. no one would notice in waterfall. anyway, i'm sans, my brother is papyrus, feel free to talk to us later, when you ain't about to piss yourself." At this, the skeleton left, seeming to disappear into thin air.

No longer bound by the presence of the skeleton, Frisk did exactly what they said they didn't want to do. They doubled over and started holding themselves.

"Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck-" Frisk began to panic. They were about to piss their only pair of shorts. "I-i should've gotten a spare back a Toriel's-"

Frisk practically lept into the woods and fumbled with their buttons. Pee started gushing out of their crotch, some flowing down their legs, some going right through their shorts. By the time they got their shorts off, the stream had already been going strong for 5 seconds, and it showed no sign of stopping. Their panties were ruined, and their shorts looked just barely fixable. They threw their shorts to the side, their knees buckling in the almost orgasmic feeling of relief that washed through them. Frisk glanced over at Chara, who had their hand slid halfway into their pants, biting their lip.

"W-woah, Chara!" Frisk barely managed to say. "I'm over here pissing myself and your getting off to it?" Chara quickly panicked and pulled their hand out of their pants.

"I-i! No! I was just..." Chara scrambled to think of an excuse, eventually giving up. "Look, I haven't gotten off for what, 200 years? My hand just went there subconsciously I swear."

"Well, if you ever want to... You know, you aren't going to be able to do it like that anymore." Frisk said, stream now died down to a few drips. "You're going to need me to do it."

"Yeah, I can't wait to go back to being dead so I don't have to deal with this bullshit." Chara said, sounding annoyed.

"I was more getting at..." Frisk started shyly. "It's just, we're both really horny..."

"I-i um... Are you suggesting we...?" Chara suddenly got very flustered.

"W-well?" Frisk asked, expectantly.

"Y-yeah... Sure... Just-" Chara seemed incredibly embarrassed. "D-don't be mad if I get a little loud, ok?"

###

Wow this chapter was WAY more sexual than I thought it would be. Guess I just got in the flow today, eh? I feel like ending this one on a cliffhanger seems dumb, but there will be a pretty big time jump from now to the next part, and I wanted to do that in-between chapters to make it seem more natural.

*006*2024-01-28 07:30

From now on, I'm going to try to get 2 chapters done per weekend. If anything goes wrong with that I will let y'all know. Now on to the story!

###

Chapter 5: A battle with a very cool skeleton.

Frisk and their ghostly companion traveled through the rest of the snowy forest mostly untroubled, easily defeating every monster they crossed. They came to a large bridge, where they encountered a tall, armored skeleton.

"I wouldn't exactly describe THAT as armor" Chara said, a little annoyed. Chara did have a good point. The 'armor' was some jorts, boots, gloves, and some weird metal crop-top.

"HELLO, HUMAN! I DON'T BELIEVE WE'VE MET!" The skeleton was shouting unnecessarily loud for the amount of distance that sperated him and the human. Frisk winced. "I AM MASTER CHEF -AND SOON TO BE ROYAL GUARDSMAN- THE GREAT PAPYRUS!"

"Well, Papyrus, could you speak a little quieter?" Frisk requested calmly. "... Please?"

"SORRY MY SENSITIVE EARED FR-ADVERSARY, BUT NO." Papyrus apologized "MY FONT ONLY HAS CAPITAL LETTERS."

"What?"

"NEVERMIND. I AM, HOWEVER, LEGALLY REQUIRED TO CARRY EARPLUGS ON ME AT ALL TIMES." Papyrus said as he tossed the pair of earplugs to Frisk. It almost hit them in the face, but instead stopped mid-air. Frisk quickly put on the earplugs before Papyrus could say anything else.

It was just then, that an elaborate trap revealed itself, with hazards such as fire, spears, axes, and a dog.

"BEHOLD!" Exclaimed the great Papyrus. "THE... THIS THING!... OH WHO AM I KIDDING, I CAN'T USE THIS. I MEAN THE FIRST PUZZLE YOU'VE SEEN FROM ME IN YOUR WHOLE ADVENTURE CAN'T BE THIS!" The contraption slowly retreats back to it's resting spot just out of view.

"SEE YOU IN SNOWDIN TOWN, HUMAN!" Papyrus yelled as he ran off into the cozy town behind him. "NYEH HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH!!!!"

"excuse my brother, he's bit eccentric." Sans chuckled after saying that. Wonder why. "he's so cool, right?"

"Yeah." Frisk said, afraid of what might happen if they answered no. After they were out of earshot of sans, Chara let out a sigh of relief.

"Well that was overwhelming." Chara said sleepily.

"Tell me about it." Frisk yawned. As the two were both tired, they stopped at the inn and checked out a room for the night. When they woke up, they felt rejuvenated and ready to face the day.

Frisk walked through the town, talking to monsters as they went. Eventually, they reached the end of town. It started to become hard to see, like the path they were on was going right through a blizzard. Before them, a figured stepped out from the ice fog. From the flowing scarf, and metal crop-top, there was no mistaking the great Papyrus.

"HUMAN." The skeleton sounded remorseful. "IF I AM TO JOIN THE ROYAL GUARD, I MUST CAPTURE YOU. I AM TRULY SORRY, MAYBE AFTER THIS WHOLE ORDEAL, WE COULD GO GET SOME NICECREAM?"

As the battle space stretched out into infinity, Frisk could now clearly see Papyrus, unwavering in his stance. This was going to be a challenging battle.

*007*2024-02-04 05:50

Ok so last chapter was kinda uneventful (in terms of what you guys come to this website for, I think chapter 5 was the most plot progressing on yet) Anyway, I promise to make up for that with these next ones.

###

Chapter 6: A date with a very cool skeleton!?

"Hey, big-bones, I was thinking we could get Frisk-y tonight." Frisk flirted jokingly.

"WOWEE, REALLY!? LIKE A DATE?" Papyrus said, unaware of the connotations. He began getting ready for his... "Date".

"Wow, Frisk." Chara tried to sound sarcastic, but the look of hurt on their face said otherwise. "I thought we had something special."

"Chara... We'll talk about this after the fight and subsequent.. date?" Frisk seemed a little distraught.

Papyrus and the human did battle for a good while before papyrus tired out and the two went on their date. At papyrus' house. In papyrus' room. Doing what people do when they date. Papyrus even had his 'special clothes' on.

"WELL, ACCORDING TO THE DATING HANDBOOK IM SUPPOSED TO WEAR CLOTHING... OH MY GOODNESS! YOU HAVE BEEN WEARING CLOTHING THIS WHOLE TIME!!!" Papyrus consulted his dating handbook. It had so many exciting features, such as a crime index and an egg. "YOUR CLOTHING EVEN HAS A HUGE DARK SPOT ON IT! THAT MAKES IT SPECIAL I GUESS?"

"Oh! Uh that's just..." Frisk struggled to think of an excuse. "Nicecream! I spilled some nicecream on my pants and it melted!"

"AND NOW YOU ARE SHARING A PERSONAL EXPERIENCE! YOUR DATING POWER IS OFF THE CHARTS!" Papyrus exclaimed, shocked. "I... I AM TRULY SORRY HUMAN. IT IS CLEAR YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY IN LOVE, AND I JUST CANT SEEM TO RESIPROCATE THOSE FEELINGS." Papyrus seemed defeated. Frisk left the skeleton's house and began the trek towards waterfall.

"I think my brain was going at 75 miles per hour through that whole thing." Chara seemed completely at a loss about all that happened. "I mean... Dating Papyrus? I knew your standards were low but... Wow."

"Getting jealous?" Frisk teased.

"I! Uh! N-no I just..." Chara got quite flustered.

"Anyway, to answer your question, I wasn't actually 'deeply in love' with Papyrus." Frisk assured. "I was just doing something unexpected to get him in a state where I could talk to him."

"Frisk... You shouldn't mess with people like that."

"Well it worked, didn't it? Don't worry, though. If I ever flirt with you, it will be for real."

"Frisk." Chara suddenly blurted out. "I know this may make our journey way weirder, but... I really like you."

###

Lol cliffhanger. I'm making one more chapter tonight, and I think I'm doing three this weekend. This little plot point shall be resolved within the next couple of days.

*008*2024-02-04 06:44

Ok, the characters I'm uncomfortable writing omo scenes with are out of the way for now. Hoorah. From now on, the chapters will be more gay so be warned. Yeah I know the title for this chapter is a lil dumb but my brain isn't good at titles.

Spoiler

###

Chapter 7: a waterfall of emotions.

Frisk didn't know how to react. They had been confessed to before, but only by a person they didn't know all too well and... They preferred not to recall what happened then.

They thought Chara was pretty, gorgeous, even. And the thought of them together brought a smile to their face, but Chara was a ghost. How would Frisk be able to have a relationship with a ghost?

"I..." Frisk stammered "I... Uh........ I-i like you too."

The two walked in silence for a bit, processing what just happened. They were walking through and area with a lot of people, so couldn't talk to each other without raising some suspicion. Eventually, they reached a clearing with a lot of tall grass, where they eavesdropped on a conversation between Papyrus and some knight they didn't recognize. The knight seemed angry.

Papyrus left and the human continued on, but was noticed by the knight. After a little bit, the knight stomped away. A kid with horns ran out from the grass, but didn't seem to want to talk to them.

At last, Chara and Frisk had reached a secluded area. They were in a hidden room with a single bench at its center, and a small pond to the south. Frisk began to take off their clothes and sat at the edge of the water.

"WOAH!" Chara yelled, averting their eyes. "Why are you taking off your clothes!?"

"To take a bath. It's been a couple days since I've washed." Frisk explained. "The waters warm, you should come and have a dip too. Borrow some determination if you have to, I'm not using it right now."

"When I become corporeal, I mimic the person I'm bound to's clothing." Chara explained nervously. "So if I manifested now..."

"I don't mind." Frisk whispered seductively in Chara's ear. At this, Chara just decided to go for it. Suddenly, Frisk saw Charas naked body enter the water just beside them. They were even more beautiful like this.

"I see you staring, Frisky." Chara smirked. "You got some ulterior motives?"

"Only if your ok with it, Charcoal." Frisk blushed a deep crimson.

"O-ok, let's do this." Chara stammered excitedly.

###

Looks like they're getting... Frisky... (I am so sorry)

*009*2024-02-05 06:45

Haha I got a little carried away with this. I promise this will be the only sex in this story (unless y'all want me to write more, though I'm not especially good at it.)

###

Chapter 8: aftermath

By the time they were done, A few hours had passed. Frisk must have came at least 5 times.

"God- damn- that was so good" Chara hardly managed, they were exhausted.

"Y-yeah" Frisk said, a little fidgety.

"Oh, we have to pee, don't we" Chara sounded annoyed, but also a little nervous.

"Very much so, yes." Frisk answered, slipping back on their bra and newly washed shorts. They had ditched their panties back in Snowdin, so they were going commando for now.

"I seriously don't want to have to deal with that knight while being on the verge of peeing ourselves." Chara complained "Can't you just pee here?"

"I- uh- need a toilet to pee voluntarily." Frisk shamefully stammered "And besides, even if we like each other, peeing in your presence is still hard."

"Ugh, alright. Let's keep going" Chara grunted reluctantly.

Frisk wasted no time getting back on the main path, determined not to further ruin their shorts. This, however, was futile, and the had to walk through waist-deep water anyway.

As Frisk approached the small lake, they looked for a way around it, but there was none. They reluctantly stepped into the cold water and almost immediately doubled over and grabbed at their crotch.

"D-DAMMIT!" Frisk cried. "The water on my pussy makes this so much worse!"

"This would be so much easier if you just let go." Chara tried to sound soothing, but there was a stressful edge to their voice.

"Ok" Frisk took a deep breath, and shakily moved their hands from their crotch... And nothing happened. Frisk returned to their previous position. "I'm sorry, I just can't."

Frisk walked until they got to a bridge with a cliff at the far side of the room. Just then, the knight from earlier faded into view, and brandished her spear at Frisk!

Frisk immediately sprung into action, running away from the magic spears stabbing up through the wooden bridge. They weren't even focused on holding, so a huge stain formed on their shorts. They got to a dead end and the spears stopped. They began to shuffle back towards the entrance, holding themself with both hands to avoid completely soiling themself.

When they looked up, they were faced with the knight. This startled them quite a bit, and they jumped backwards. They had made a huge mistake. They had let go of their crotch. Pee began to gush out of the crotch, down their legs, some of it soaked all the way through their shorts. The knight looked a little sympathetic before regaining her composure.

"Pathetic." The knight scoffed. She then raised her spear above her head, and brought it down on the bridge, severing the two sides and sending Frisk plunging into the lake below

###

First chapter with piss in it since like chapter 4. I promise we will stay on track from now on. I always forget to say this, but criticism and suggestions are welcome.

*011*2024-02-17 08:19

{{On 2/11/2024 at 9:20 AM, Cy_The_Fox said:

I am loving this please continue soon

}}

Thanks! It is continuing now!

###

Chapter 9: Mad dummy

Frisk woke up, laying on a bed of golden flowers, which they had evidentially given a golden shower.

"Good, you're awake." Chara said through choked sobs. They quickly regained their composure "we should get going if we want to make it to Hotland before you further ruin your shorts."

"What's wrong?" Frisk demanded as they sat down defiantly.

"Its nothing important just... The sensation of falling, the golden flowers... It brings back some bad memories for me." Chara explained

Satisfied, albeit worried, Frisk rose and continued forward through the dump. Their sore bladder was already starting to hurt.

They came across a lone training dummy that seemed to be... Shaking? They paid it no mind and continued on.

Just then, the dummy came to life. It fell beneath the water and shot up before Frisk. The battle space streched around them.

They did battle as typical, bit they were blindsided by a rocket from behind. Frisk flew on top of thr dummy, losing control of their bladder.

"Ew!EW! EW!!!" The dummy yelled, madder than ever! "Did you just pee on me!?"

###

Sorry to end this short, buf I am super tired.

*012*2024-02-25 05:15

Wow that chapter had a lot of errors. Sorry y'all. Extra long chapter coming up, hoping to get almost through waterfall and into Hotland this weekend.

###

Chapter 10: raging rapids

The dummy that stood before Frisk was absolutely pissed, figuratively and literally. It lifted a knife above it's head and full force launched it at Frisk, nearly taking of their head.

"I... Am out of knives." The dummy sheepishly remarked. There were a couple drops in the water, which confused everyone because frisk had already finished humiliating herself and the dummy before her. One of the drops hit the dummy, and it cried out in pain, retreating beneath the waters of the garbage dump.

"Oh... Sorry." Napstablook said as he floated down from the exit of the dump. "I didn't mean to interrupt your conversation... Oh nooooooo-" this last part was said in a rather comical manner, as he faded into invisibility and presumably floated away.

"You peed on that guy. Wow. Your bladder must be exhausted." Chara commented. "Never wanted to a be a training dummy before." That last part was presumably a joke, which did manage to get a laugh out of Frisk.

"Chara!"

"What, I can be funny sometimes!" Chara defended themself. "Now let's get moving before you piss on that royal guard too."

"I'm never living this down, am I?" Frisk said as they started walking.

"Nope!"

The pair walked for a long time, long enough for Frisk to start fidgeting, which was begining to become an increasingly short amount of time.

"Mmmm!" Frisk moaned and grabbed at their crotch, shaking their hips exaggeratedly and hopping from one foot to the other. "I already have to go so bad!"

"Jesus Christ you're bladder is tiny." Chara teased, their blush a lot brighter than normal. "You should just take those shorts off and let it all out while we're alone."

"But..." Frisk got a devilish idea of how to mess with Chara. "Wouldn't you like it better if lost control?"

"I- uh-" Charas face went beat red, proving to Frisk that Chara would, indeed, want that. "No! Of course not! Who do you take me for?"

"Mmmm!-" Frisk moaned again as a small leak escaped their clenched urethra. "While either way, I think it's coming out now!" And sure enough, a huge stream erupted from Frisks crotch, hissing against their shorts, and trickling down their legs. But Frisk wasn't giving up. They managed to stop the stream, and began putting on a show for Chara. They shoved their hands inside their shorts, gripping their incredibly wet nethers. They hopped from foot to foot, began moaning up a storm, let out several small leaks, and even played with their pussy a little bit to give Chara the best experience possible. It was clearly working as chara was arching their back and biting their lip, a look on their face as if they were about to cum.

"Frisk!-" Chara moaned as the steaming hot liquid erupted from Frisks tired bladder, causing an almost orgasmic feeling in the human and the demon alike. Frisk practically collapsed into their puddle and began going to town on their pussy. The feeling felt so great to Chara that they couldn't even tell what was going on anymore. Frisk climaxed after about 15 minutes and they fell backwards onto the cold hard ground, exhausted.

###

So... Technically it wasn't a sex scene...? I am happier with this chapter than I was with the chapter that actually had a sex scene in it, though. I feel like my writing has improved as I have written this fic. See you all again tomorrow for the finale of waterfall.

*014*2024-02-26 04:31

{{2 hours ago, Cy_The_Fox said:

And it got even better. Is this gonna cover the entire game?

}}

Yes, I'm planning on that. It will likely go down to one chapter a weekend now, as I am working on a fic for Splatoon. My interest in the series had gone back up due to the release of side order.

