My Sister’s Keeper - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*000*2018-06-08 06:09

In the vast void between a swirling purple gas giant and interstellar space a small ship hangs reflecting the light of the systems twin suns. It is running all out for its life from the cruiser that’s just cleared the gas giants orbit about 60km6 from the twin stars. The ship is a further 20km6 out and screaming hell for metal as fast at it’s reactionless drives can take it. “How long till we can jump sis?!!” The girl has a spacer’s build, tall at 6’2 and with the caramel skin common among the human diaspora which contrasts sharply with her red hair and green eyes. This likely Anglo-Indian mix hints at her ancestry in the Old Terran Commonwealth. Her younger sister is the math whiz and hence handles nav while her big sister pilots. “This far into a binary gravwell it’ll take us about another minute to build a big enough higs field! Oh shit incoming!! Missiles inbound at 1/3c and accelerating hard!!!”

“Fuck!! Of course, that corpsec ship has reactionless missiles! Kirita and the Maker.” Mariata the older sister kisses the saints icon hanging on a chain around her neck for whom their ship, the “Kirita’s Light” is named. Then she pulls their ship into a wild looping parabolic. Milspec dazzlers attempting to slag the missiles sensors. Out of the fifty in the first volley fourteen lose lock and self-destruct. The ship attempts to juke and dodge, but the remaining thirty-six missiles have closed to 5km6. “Launching counter missiles, point defense batteries online!!!” The strain is evident in Danna, the younger sister’s, voice. The counter missiles are smaller old school fusion torch models no warheads to squeeze out every last ounce of acceleration. They rely on good old Sir Isaac to get the job done.

Flares of light bloom in the darkness as they intersect. The corpsec cruisers missiles are faster but at this range there’s no way they can react in time and slam into the comparatively slower and smaller counter missiles at roughly two times the speed of light, vaporizing instantly. Seven remain closing the distant to half a million kilometers. The Kirita’s Light rolls, its twin belly variable spectrum laser turrets blazing defiance and taking out the remaining seven…..

The second volley has already closed half the distance two hundred missiles total, Mariata let’s out a curse in NovoGaelic that roughly translates as “goat fucking, goat herder. Danna we need to jump right now!!!”

“We have a strong enough higs field but I don’t have the jump coordinates!!! We could have our atoms scatter half way to Andromeda!”

“Sweet RamaChristos! Just Fucking do it!!”

“If we die I’m hunting you down in the next life and kicking your ass so hard you’ll never sit again!!” Danna punches the jump button and the ship appears to twist and fold in on itself before vanishing in a flash of blue Cherenkov radiation…….

*002*2018-06-08 09:44

The Kirita reappears in orbit around a standard hab world in another Cherenkov flash. Inside is chaos as relay blows, fuses and power sinks unable to compensate. “What the hell sis!?”

“I told you making a blind jump would have consequences! The stress of shifting into and out of hyperspace at random without time to account for spacial geometry has blown several key engine systems. The mag bottle for the primary reactor collapsed and we were forced to vent plasma, so we don’t even have reaction drive. We’re running on backup fission batteries and the solar coating.” Several of the panels are still sparking.

“Okay so we’re alive let’s focus on that…. and sweet ancestors we somehow wound up halfway across the galaxy in uncharted space! Also that planet is getting close like we are in a seriously unstable orbit….. How long to cold start the reactor?”

“Thirty minutes.”

“And if we skip all the standard stuff and assume crash landing is more dangerous than ignoring routine safety checks?”

“Fourteen and a half”

“And we’re going to be in atmo in two…… Balls……”

“But we still have emergency landing rockets! So we can actually land this thing! We just have to do it old school like Niel Armstrong in 1969 or Lio Wong on Aries IV in 2037.” The atmosphere begins to glow cherry red as it heats up against the navigation shields. “How are we looking on scopes Danna?”

“Angle of entry is off by 20° give me a five second burn.” And so it goes Danna on navigation and Mariata on stick as the Kiriata descends on a column of fire. “Shit Mariata how are you with rough terrain?!”

“Why!!?”

“Because we’re coming down over heavily forested mountains…. Fast!!!” ….

“Balls”

The ‘Kirita’s Light’ lands in screeching impact with all the drama befitting it’s name. Scorching the tree tops and gouging a furrow before skidding to a stop in front of a large lake as Mariata tried to aim for clear ground.

*004*2018-06-08 18:43

In unison “Ughhhhhhhhh…. Ohhh shit.”

“My head.”

“You’re the one who was flying.” Dana snarks.

“Yeah you try putting down a couple hundred tons of light freighter in bumfuck nowhere with no engines. Status?”

“Minor stress fractures throughout the hull but you actually did a really good job getting us down sis. But most of our primary power relays are slagged and we actually lost a good chunk of the field plates that generate the reactors magbottle.”

“Can you fix it?”

“Maybe? But I’m not sure I have enough parts.”

“Do we even dare, trying to signal for help?”

“I mean we sure as hell aren’t in corporate space enemy more.” Danna laughs bitterly. A low hum fills the cabin from background radiation on the com. The distinctive binary tone of a universal distress beacon soon replaces it. “Mayday Mayday. This is Captain Mariata Stellas of the independent freighter Kiriata’s Light. We suffered complete engine failure and were forced to make an emergency landing. Does any one read us? Mayday Mayday. This the Kiriata’s Light, does any one read us? Mayday Mayday. This is…..” The com comes alive in a squeal of static.

“Kirita’s Light. This is New Haven air traffic control we are sending out a rescue craft stand by.”

“Holy shit that actually worked!” Mariata grins at her sister then it fades…. “Still we don’t know anything about these people….” Danna nods. As they get up Mariata feels a pain in her lower abdomen. “What the hell?”

She looks down at the toolbox that was formally clipped to the wall next to the console. “Must have come loose and clipped me in the crash. Damn feels like I got punched in the gut.”

“You okay sis?”

“Yeah I’m fine. Just sore. We must have really been moving to put that much strain on the inertial dampeners….. Let’s go get our kit before we meet our new friends.”

The girls load up overnight bags and both grab blasters from the armory. Mariata favoring her sizable Tydon TB-11 heavy pistol, capable of throwing out enough plasma to punch through twentieth century tank armor. She also grabs a small and highly illegal stealth composite variable frequency holdout pistol and slips it down her bra. The two of them are standing in a clearing as a massive VTOL ship appears in a blast of jet wash landing on the beach.

*005*2018-06-08 20:58

The side door slides open revealing some of the largest humanoids the two have ever seen. One of them has to be over three and a half meters tall. Yet they otherwise look perfectly human. In whispered unison “Ancestors above!!” The 3.5m woman approaches smiling. “Hi I’m Lieutenant Angie, New Haven colony municipal security, you folks called about a bit of engine trouble? And you must be ‘captain’ Mariata Stellas?” Mariata and Danna have been smuggling hot merch for most of their lives across the known galaxy and know how to read people, something about this woman seems off, but they can’t place it.

Her tone has a faint ring of condescension when she says the word captain but being independents the two are used to smug asshole’ry from corporate officials. But there’s something else as well. Her smile reminds Mariata of an old entertainment vid Stepford something or other? Still their whole engines fragged and bumfuck nowhere, so what choice do they have? “That’s me and this is my sister Danna.”

“Well don’t worry dear we’ll have you all safe and sorted in no time. Oh and you won’t be needing those in New Haven.” She point to the girls sidearms.

Danna turns to whisper to her sister. “Mars something about this is giving me a weird vibe…”

“I know what you mean D I’ve got a bad feeling about this…. Sorry but we’re not giving up our hardware. That’s nonnegotiable.” The woman almost loses her carefully practiced smile. “Nervous around strangers? That’s okay dear it can be dangerous in the outside world, but you have nothing to fear here. You’ll see.” There’s that weird tone again but without much choice the girls get onto transport. The seats are huge and even with her spacer’s build Mariata barely fits. “You’ll have to sit in your sister’s lap sweetie” she says to Danna. “Seriously?”

“It’s for safety purposes, wouldn’t want you getting jostled around.” That at least makes sense, but Danna is still blushing furiously as she climbs into her older sisters lap. The engines rumble as thy begin to take off……

*007*2018-06-16 04:26

Out of nowhere Mariata feels her pants getting warm and wet looking down she realizes she’s having an accident! The vibration from takeoff was apparently enough to set off her weakened bladder. And all she can is sit there, shame faced as she floods the seat, knowing that she’s also getting her sisters backside and thighs wet. “Shit! I.. What the…. That fucking toolkit, I thought I was just sore, but it may have caused a hernia or something!?” Dana looks back at her concerned, squeezing her hand.

“It’s okay dear we’ll get you sorted at the med center, we bring all new arrivals there for intake anyways.”

Her expression of concern seems genuine enough but something about her tone makes seem like she is way to interested in this latest development, almost…. Excited? Eager? Mariata can’t quite place it. It makes her think of this horror host revival vidcast she likes, Midnight Watch. The one body snatcher episode where an entire mining colony is slowly taken over. She and Danna share a knowing look as they touch down on a pad ontop of a large officially looking concrete building.

“This is The New Haven Civic Center, it contains our government offices, police station, medical facilities, and community rec-center.” Lieutenant Angie continues her chipper tour guide routine, Stepford smile remaining fixed in place the entire time. Danna is checking out the building, keep an eye out for potential escape routes and getting a feel for the overall culture and tech level. “These people seem to be within a century plus or minus of galactic average. This place seems super neat almost sterile? White painted walls and gray ceramic tiles. Almost feels like vintage late 20th/ early 21st century dystopian vid? It’s got me major unsettled.”

They’re led into an elevator which takes them to the first floor where they’re processed through customs. Then Lt. Angie takes them to the med center, where a giant man with salt & pepper hair and lab coat is waiting. He looks like something straight out of central casting. “Afternoon girls! So I heard one of you was having some pain and control issues?” Mariata and Danna share a look.

“Yeah that would be me. Had a bit of a rough landing and near as I can tell I got hit in the gut with a flying toolkit of all things. I think it may have torn something or other.”

“Well that doesn’t sound good at all.”

He pulls a gown out from a cabinet. What’s weird is it has cartoon animals on it, although I guess it kinda’ makes sense that they wouldn’t have an adult one in Danna’s size but she’s almost teenager height even for these people? “If you would just get changed into this we can get you sorted in no time.” The doc is wearing the patented smile everyone here seems to have, grandfather version. “There is no way in hell I’m wearing that.” Mariata thinks to herself. “Is that really necessary? Can’t you just do a scan?”

“Oh I’m just a bit old fashioned, I find that scans can miss a lot of nuance that you get with a physical.” Mariata is debating whether or not to roll with it when a blood curdling scream pierces the air.

Outside in the hall someone is being wheeled through strapped to a gurney and screaming in terror. Judging by the smooth white amphibian like skin and bullet shaped head, they are a young Lukorian. In Lukorian “Oh God where are you taking me! Please do you want, money? …. My folks are part of a major import/export company. They’ll pay! Please no!..... Oh please all saints and angels pray for this lost one in my hour of need. Deliver me from the snares and wickedness of the adversary……..” And apparently neoCatholic as well.

Mariata reacts on instinct preparing to bolt when Lt. Angie grabs her. She steps back onto the giant’s foot hard causing her to withdraw it. Next she grabs the Lt.’s arm and pulls while bending forward and sweeping with her leg. This turns her in a 60° pivot and throws the giant over her shoulder. Who lands with an earth-shaking crash. Danna screams “RUNNNNN!!!”

*009*2018-06-17 02:33

Heading into the hallway they see that the gurney with the Lukorian strapped to it has been left sitting there. The mesh gauntlet on Danna’s hand appears to be jewelry at first glance but is in fact a compact gravbeam emitter. Rushing up she hits the straps with two quick repulser blasts and halls the Lukorian to their feet. Hauling them along as they gibber in terror “Oh god thank you! Thank you! My names Kibral, I was heading back from drinks after a meeting when they grabbed me and tranq’ed me. I think they were slavers! You need anything, anything at……”

Kibral is cut off as two uniformed giants appear at the end of the hall with batons. Danna triggers a pair of repulsor blasts sending them flying. As they barrel through what appears to be an ER lobby and out into the parking lot. Several giants are closing from behind weapons drawn. Mariata draws her TB-11 and lays down suppressive fire. The giants appear to have accelerator pistols. Rounds impacting the concrete sign the three are hiding behind. Danna draws her own weapon. A Kaowari Saber series accelerator machine pistol loaded with dragon’s breath flechette rounds and starts hosing the area. One of the giants goes downs screaming as the metal oxide compound continues to burn through their shoulder.

A plasma blast burst drops another one, but several dozen wearing full vests are coming. Mariata feels her injured bladder let out a few spurts unable to handle the stress. “This day just keeps finding new ways to suck.” It takes several hits, but she drops one of the armored giants. A stray plasma burst lights up one of the ground cars’ fuel tanks in a loud dull ‘crump’, sending sheet metal flying. Danna turns to Mariatta “Cover me I’m going to hack one of these cars and get us a way out.” Before Mariatta can say anything, another VTOL ship appears over ahead in a scream of jet wash. The door slides open revealing a short 5’ man operating a gatling twice as big as he is. The fire-support weapon opens up with an industrial saw-like roar. Two of the giants are almost cut in half as the others retreat to the building. Cars popping off like a New Hollywood action vid.

The gunship swings in to land behind them “GET IN!!!!!” No time to question it Mariatta and Danna hall ass dragging a terrified Kibral with them. This one thanfully has normal sized seats and before they can even get strapped in. “WE GOT THEM, TAKE OFF!!” The engines scream as they soar off into the sky, gatling pouring fire aft. In a few minutes there flying over the mountains.

“So, I don’t mean to sound ungrateful for saving our asses back there, but who in the nine thousand hells are you people?” A giant woman pokes her head through the door. “I know you have a lot of questions and we’ve got about twenty minutes worth of flight time so I’ll try and answer as many as possible. But it’s probably best to wait till we get back to base to give you all the full rundown. In short, my name is Quin and this is Lucas. The man nods. We’re part of the local chapter of ‘The Defiant’, and we try and save as many people from that place as possible.”

“Well thanks for the rescue.”

“Yeah!”

*011*2018-06-18 00:16

As the jumpship comes in for a landing they can see that their destination is a large compound of rustic looking buildings. There even appears to be some kind of cable car system. Lucas chimes in, “The company chartered to construct ‘New Haven’, originally wanted to market it as a resort planet to draw in targets. The plan was scrapped as to risky and likely to draw attention. So, we took over here and have been digging in to the mountain.” As he says this they swoop in low, pulling into a hangar carefully concealed in the cliffside. About a dozen people are working here, servicing three other aircraft and a hand full of drones. As Quin exits the craft “So Mariatta we’re going to get you to a doctor who won’t scramble your brain, Okay?”

“That definitely sounds good.”

Mariatta and Danna are led through several hallways to the bunker complex’s infirmary, a rather impressive facility staffed by an ebony skinned enby in their forties and two med bots. Dr. Caulfield was a leading General Surgeon in corporate space five years ago, that all changed when they were selected as the fall-person in a boardroom spat at their hospital. Forcing them to flee to the outer territories where they were nearly grabbed by the Amazons before The Defiant rescued them.

Dr. Caulfield does a quick scan and physical, determining that Mariatta has bruised and torn several of her abdominal and pelvic muscles. A quick stem cell/RG factor injection is all she needs. Although Dr. Caulfield still recommends a couple weeks of physio and sends a regiment of exercises to her com. She also recommend sticking to period underwear to deal with any leaks and quickly prints a pack of normal if slightly thick panties. Marriatta hasn’t had to wear something like this since she had her cycle turned off at fifteen and flushes slightly. Danna checks out out aside from some surface brushing and cuts from shrapnel and spalling. A quick spray of medplast and she’s good to go. After that the girls are left to take an hour to get cleaned up. Quin says that she will be debriefing them over dinner.

An hour later the two sisters are following Clare an excitable young woman standing only 142cm and full of energy. Clare handles base logistics and is their designated guide leading them to the mess hall. She excitedly lists off everything from the fusion reactors output to the amenities of the abandoned resort above. Apparently, it was easier to use that for living space and most people are up there. The bunker has emergency quarters, the infirmary, hanger, storage, armory, and utilities.

*013*2018-06-18 01:07

Ch. 2

The mess hall is in fact the main restaurant at the hotel and easily could have a Michelin star or two. Now it has this eerie abandon quality like something out of an apocalypse vid. Like you’d expect zombies or something to show up at any minute. Thankfully Quin is there, along with Lucas and another woman who despite being only 91.5cm and north of seventy radiates a wolverine like ferocity. Despite her intimidating demeanor Elanor Black is quite gregarious and quickly has everyone laughing with tales of her, Lucas and Quins exploits over the years. The appetizers are plates of bread and dip + plus fried vegetables.

“So, you’re from a parallel earth that has three different human subspecies?” Danna clarifies. “Yes dear, and unfortunately relations have never exactly been good between them.”

“Despite what propaganda put out by my kind would have you believe.” Quin chimes in, Lucas nods. Elanor and Quin go on to explain a brief history of humanity on their world. Referred to respectively as Amazons, Littles, and Mids. As they list atrocity after atrocity; enslavement, the bizarre compulsion to forcibly infantilize Littles, use of mind control drugs, surgical mutilation, the list goes on and on. Mariatta and Danna can only listen in stunned silence.

“And in Catalon the nightmare fuel is even more over top. They’re not only drugging Littles but other amazons, ramping their desire to possess littles up to eleven. It’s allowed the corps and their puppet government near total control. Taking the species caste system well beyond social conditioning.”

“Jesus and I thought it was bad in corporate space.” “I know right?” Thankfully the arrival of the food provides a welcome distraction, although it’s the beer, wine, and cider that fully deflates the tension.

The cuisine is classic western Teran hearty and filling. “This is so freaking good!!” Danna mumbles through a mouth full of pork loin. Clare chimes in “I’m glad you like it, we grow everything onsite and print the protein from our own stock!” Dessert is equally good and after several hours of good food and good conversation clare leads them up to their room. Danna and Marriatta share a smile as they walk behind her Clare’s obvious looks and not so sublte compliments did not go unnoticed during dinner.

Despite needing a good cleaning, the suite is Luxurious and has its own kitchen/living area and three bedrooms with in suites. Clare runs off to get a ‘welcoming present. The two girls whisper each other nodding. The welcome present turns out to be a gift basket of snacks, a bottle of Champaign and some kind of fancy alien liquor that tastes like fruit and almonds. It’s now about 4 a.m. and somehow Mariatta finds herself leaning in close to hear something Clare is saying. Yet she still can’t rember what was just said. She’s two distracted. She can smell perfume masking sweat and heat can see Clare’s flushed cheeks. Then it’s her soft lips. Wait what!?. Mariatta pull back worried she’s gone to far, only to be greeted by a flushed and smiling Clare. At that point it’s all over as Mariatta surrenders and pulls Clare in tasting those wonderful lips as she slides her hand under Clares skirt and up her thigh…….

*015*2018-06-18 04:16

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

And that folks we leave the rest to your imagination lol

}}

I couldn't resist the tease cliffhanger ? ?

*017*2018-06-18 05:45

Mariatta pauses looking Clare directly in the eyes. “Are you sure?” Clare stares back eyes smoldering and in a low breathy voice. “I’ve wanted you two since we met outside the infirmary.” Mariatta smiles and reaches the rest of the way grabbing Clare’s pantie covered mound. They duel with tongues breathing heavily before Mariatta moves to pull her panties off. They’re bright pink with lemons on them and Mariatta can’t resist getting a taste of the juice. She inhales the scent, breathing heavily as she sucks. Her hands reach down the borrowed sweat pants and underwear she’s wearing and as she begins to shamelessly frig herself.

But she wants more and she’s going to get it direct from the source. Tossing the panties aside she can see that Danna has taken Clare’s top off. As evidenced by the fact that Clare is now naked except for her rucked-up skirt and socks. Plus, Danna twirling a matching bra to the discard panties around her finger, grinning mischievously. “Gods she is so freaking cute, her sandy blond pixie cut, her perky a-cups, that smile, those eyes, and ancestors that bubble but and full plump lips. Contrasted against that petite frame. But more than that she’s got this life and energy. I don’t know if I want to fuck her or pull her inside of me and be her? Maybe both?”

Mariatta dives in planting sloppy kisses on Clare’s sex, slurping up the delicious fountain that pours from her, while Danna and her makeout. Danna tweaking her nipples right to the boundary of pain and pleasure. It’s all too much for poor Clare who scream seem to shake the mountains. As her thighs lock and body spasms she basically fucks herself against Mariatta's face. Meanwhile in Mariatta’s oxygen starved brain “So is this how I’m going to die? Smother and drowned by one of the most delicious girls I’ve ever had the pleasure of tasting?.... Honestly, I’m cool with that. Death by Snu-Snu FTW!!” The threesome slumps back spent staring at each other with vacant blissed out smiles. Clare is the first to break the silence. “So shall we take this to the bedroom?”

*019*2018-07-17 22:08

Which is how Mariatta finds herself in the bedroom fucking Clare with her own strap on. She looks up at Danna who smiles and gives a thumbs up as Clare goes to town between her legs. Both girls losing themselves in the heat of the moment. Marriatta rocking and circling her thighs, Danna holding Clare’s head. It isn’t long before all three explode into various orgasms. Clare’s high-pitched squeals setting of Danna as they vibrate her lips.

All three need a minute to recover and the pillow talk is pretty straight forward until “So I have a request….”

“Name it Clare.”

“Would you put my diaper on for the night?”

“Wait really?” “Yeah after everything we heard at dinner isn’t that kind of... I don’t know like messed up”

“I know, I know a Little who wants diapers. I’ve dealt with a lot of; ‘am I betraying my people? Here I am resistance fighter and I’m walking stereotype.’ Yeah I’ve thought about it a lot.”

“I’m sorry Clare. I came in and made assumptions about your struggle and what you go through. I’m sorry I rushed to judgement”

“Accepted, and yeah I don’t know I just like being padded after sex. It makes me feel safe, cared for. I want that even though I know I’m feeding the stereotype and I kinda’ hate myself for that but well… It is what is. Everyone here is pretty cool and Quin is actually really cool about looking after me without going full nightmare Amazon.”

“Tell you what tonight I’m wearing one in solidarity. Okay? Danna?”

“Ehh what the hell. Can’t hurt right?” She says grinning. I takes several tries for Mariatta to get Clare comfortably padded but she eventually gets it right, but still needs help with her own tapes from Clare. Much to Danna’s amusement. Who can’t help laughing as Marriata stands there red face as Clare does the adjustment. Finally all three get there teeth brushed and curl up next to each other spent from exhausting day.

*021*2018-07-18 18:29

The next morning Mariatta wakes up to something wet squishing between her legs. She scrambles out of bed confused palm landing on the swollen diaper. “Ah shit really? Fucking really? Well I guess this was a good idea in more ways than one. Doc did say it would take a couple weeks for everything to heal fully. Still I’m not letting anyone see me like this.” Mariatta heads into the bathroom burying the diaper in the trash can before hopping into the shower. She’s just started breakfast when Danna and Clare arrive. “Morning D, Clare. Didn’t know if you we’re going to miss breakfast.”

“Not everyone has your unnatural energy Mars.” Mariatta makes a rude gesture.

“So if you all want I can show you around some more and then we talk with Quin about getting your ship fixed?”

“Yeah that sounds good.” “Same”

Clare leads the two around showing them the club that is the main hang out spot for the group. She also keys there bio signatures for the defensive systems and points out the various evacuation points. And gives them a heads on the various scheduled emergency drills.

The tour ends with the food growing facilities. A good chunk of the mall was converted into hydroponics and fish farms. While at the tree line fields of wheat sway under camouflage netting. “And then we have the pigs and chickens. Most of our protein is printed from cell cultures but we like to keep a few live specimens as a genetic reserve and for the eggs. The waste is used for fertilizer of feedstock for making plastics……..”

“So here is the deal, I think we can help each other out. You have a ship that needs an engine over hall, right?”

“Yep? And I can pay credits that’s the one part of that last job that didn’t go wrong.”

“I was thinking more of a trade. You see we’ve found a facility on Catalon that produces ‘designer Littles’ including bulk orders and modification of captured off-worlders.”

“And their government knows about this?”

“Yes it’s all part of their strategy. Maintain power by creating a society centered around hierarchy and dominance. There have even been rumors of surgeries and nanites used to turn dissident Amazons into Littles. Not sure how much of that is prop bullshit but it’s been effective at making people to afraid to speak out.”

“Sweet maker you’re talking about a deep black state funded clone and biohacking facility…. And you want to take it out? That’s your next target?”

“You nailed it.” Gwen smiles grimly. “What’s more we had an amazon on the inside one of the scientist there feeding us data on the projects they missed their last three scheduled check ins. We have to assume that they’ve been compromised. We need a ship that can carry a strike team into hostile air space and carry a couple hundred prisoners out”

“I’m in. I haven’t wanted to see a place burn this much since the camps on Atlas four.” Danna flinches at the memory and Mariatta’s fist is clenched tight. “Damn straight sis, I want to help anyway I can.” Danna’s face has an uncharacteristically fierce expression on it. “Let’s get started then.”

“One question though, how are we getting the Kirita there?”

“We’ve just completed construction on modifying an abandoned particle accelerator in orbit around a dead rock a short jump from here. It’s now a ship sized dimension gate.” Both women’s jaws are hanging slack at this announcement.

The next few days are a flurry of activity as everyone rushes to repair the Kirita. Three VTOL ships carry it to the hanger using mag cables. Sparks shower down inside the reactor chamber as Danna welds new mag plate in. Defiant ground crews run new superconductor lines and replace slagged breakers. Nanite spray is used to heal stress factures in the hull. After two all that’s left is to top the fuel tanks, replace the fission batteries and load new ordnance. In the morning at 06:00 the Kirata’s Light will fly once again.

*023*2018-07-18 21:35

The next few days are a flurry of activity as everyone rushes to repair the Kirita. Three VTOL ships carry it to the hanger using mag cables. Sparks shower down inside the reactor chamber as Danna welds new mag plate in. Defiant ground crews run new superconductor lines and replace slagged breakers. Nanite spray is used to heal stress fractures in the hull. After two days all that’s left is to top the fuel tanks, replace the fission batteries and load new ordnance. In the morning at 06:00 the Kirata’s Light will fly once again.

As dawn breaks over the mountain an intercom blares “All hands to action stations the Kirita’s Light will be launching in thirty minutes.” Ground crews scrabble and additional borrowed flight staff rush to board. Jocasta, The Defiant heavy weapons specialist assigned to the Kirita checks all weapon systems and arms the warheads on the missiles loaded into the fore and aft launchers. Down in engineering Danna starts reactor. The mag field goes up and multiple high watt laser’s strike the fuel pellet. A chain reaction starts and a miniature star springs to life in the ships heart. “Reactor status is green sis!”

“Acknowledged. Initiating preflight checks.” Boots thump and clang on the gangplank as the fifty person compliment of 3rd platoon aka the salamanders, thunder aboard. Ground crews helping to move crates of heavy weapons. “Primary power, check. Fission batteries check. Secondary Relays and solar, check. Life support….”

“Status green across board engineering confirms” Danna slides into the flight officers seat buckling her harness while a Defiant officer hops into the copilots.

“Navigation?”

“Navcom is active and sensor integrated, five by five.”

“Weapon systems live and operational, all hands stand clear of launch tubes. I repeat stand clear ordinance is live.” Jocasta says as he takes a seat at tactical.

“Command this the Kirita’s Light requesting clearance for takeoff.”

“This command, clearance granted. Begin take off procedures.”

“Igniting reaction drive thrusters! All hands stand clear. I repeat thrusters hot, stand clear.” There is a massive as glowing plasma exhaust begins to pour from the Kirita. A klaxon sounds and the blast doors roll open. The Kirita rises on counter grav, maneuvering thrusters helping to stabilize.

“Maker be with you Kirita and may you always stand defiant.”

“And with you command, Kirita out.” And with that the Kirita once again roars skyward on column of fire. Reaction thrusters howling their song as the shields glow cherry red before punching out of the atmosphere. Swirls of condensing gas spiraling off. For a moment the they hang there motionless against the rising sun to starboard and the planet below, then vanishes in a flash as the jump drive engages.

