Azur Lane - Prinz Eugen - A Shield Cracked, A Bladder Burst, A Bond Formed

Author: LochBlk52

*000*2025-09-30 17:40

Content Warning: Though this is primarily a story about teasing, intimacy, pissing, and sex, it also has moments of seriousness and venting related to harsh conditions and the reality of life during a war. Nothing too bad, nobody dies in this story, but there are references to things. If you've played 5 minutes of Azur Lane or know the real life history of the Prinz Eugen, this is nothing new. This also might not follow what is now canon for AL as it is a mix of headcanon and what I can remember of a game I haven't played properly for years. This story also includes a tiny bit of male desperation but no wetting. I hope you enjoy the story. Also Eugen is wearing the Chinese censored version of her swimsuit.

%https://azurlane.netojuu.com/images/2/28/Prinz_EugenSummerCN.png

Though my rank and role firmly placed me in the position of commander, I sometimes questioned the accuracy of that title. Traditionally the chain of command permitted few deviations from the rigid hierarchy established across the uncounted centuries men had led men into battle. My post, however, was anything but traditional, and I did not lead men but the kansen of the Azur Lane. Whether they were even "human" was on ongoing debate I didn't take part in. It didn't matter to me what they were as long as they got the respect they deserved as women in uniform fighting... whatever our enemies were supposed to be. It wasn't the job I expected when I signed up but I can't complain either.

I'm surrounded by a fleet of some of the most friendly, shy, aggressive, proud, gentle, determined, anxious, cold, humble, welcoming, distant, and dedicated people I've ever had the honour of leading. And I'd say leader is the better title for me than commander. I don't keep the distance and rigid professionalism the regulations demand 24/7 but only when needed. I've built friendships and proper relationships with them, shared moments of joy and sorrow, as they might never experience if I remained aloof. It's the sad truth that there's no home front for them. This is the purpose for which they were created, and though I hope and campaign for it to be otherwise, the base, the surrounding area, and the fight might be all they ever know.

This has, as you might already be able to guess, led to me developing some very interesting relationships with some of the kansen. Some did act like they had their own mini nations to rule within their units, some were borderline mentally insane or already past that point, and some, like the subject of the story I am about to tell, really loved to rock the pillar of the chain of command. So why don't I introduce her. The ever wonderful, ever passionate, ever teasing Prinz Eugen. Eugen is an interesting case before considering how she acts. She's been with us for a while now after turning her back on her comrades in the Crimson Axis after realising the deep, fiery hole they were spiralling down.

She's not the first or last kansen to take the leap but she is probably the one who gets the most funny looks from certain quarters. She is the original Prinz Eugen after all, not a rebuild, and thus her hands were directly involved in the undoing of the first Hood. That is something the Royal Navy is not quick to forgive or forget. I still have the anonymous letter deriding the fact we now had the "turncoat Ironblood slut" in our midst. Prince of Wales did a terrible job of hiding her handwriting. I don't think the dislike is lost on Eugen, nor the fact that her former comrades will not take kindly to her appearance on the battlefront. Perhaps it was the weight of the world and its scorn crushing down on her that helped mould her personality.

Eugen was confidence, snarkiness, and teasing personified. There was always a remark or a joke on her lips, sometimes about where the person being teased would prefer those lips, and her demeaner either jelled with the other kansen or pushed them away. A shield. One I had managed to duck around and form a bond with her in spite of her tendency to push the limits to the absolute limits. I don't know what her Ironblood commanders were like beyond probably insane, but I doubt they would have reacted softly to the suggestion of "favours" in exchange for getting out of a tough job. I did not actually get any "favours" but it gives you an idea of what she can be like. It was constant battle for control and order with her if I didn't pull out the rank trump card to get a "yes sir, no sir, three bags full sir" out of the pale-haired teaser. Sometimes she won, sometimes I did.

When I heard that she would also be down at the base beach R&R area at the same time as me, I knew it would be a true battle for the top...

"Oh Herr Kommandant!!"

The thick accent, the teasing tone, it roused me from my gentle nap under the parasol one of Royal Navy maids had been so kind as to provide me after I had forgotten to bring more than a towel, some essentials and drinks, and the clothes that were now tucked in my bag. I could hear the sand near me being kicked around as she strode up to my head and leaned over. I looked up to already see the twinkle of mischief in her orange eyes, her twintails falling almost enough to tickle my nose.

"Fancy seeing you here the exact same time I chose to come down in my swimsuit for a nice relaxing snooze on the beach. Where you, perhaps, hoping to catch a glimpse of your subordinate out of uniform, Herr Kommandant?" My eyes quickly flicked up and down her and noted she the red jacket she had perched open over her shoulders, covering up the straps of her black bikini top. "You could've fooled me into thinking you were wearing more than your regular uniform with all that on, Eugen," I fired back without hesitation. "I could charge you for peeking on a superior officer in only his swimwear." She shrugged and stepped around me, running her fingers over the parasol.

"Oh but that would be no fun, would it? All that paper work when you could have this lovely view in front of you instead... the sea I mean, pervet."

"I didn't say anything, Eugen," I replied reaching into my bag to pull out a cool bottle of water. "You didn't need to, Herr Kommandant, I know how your mind works." I grumbled out something between a sure and whatever as I opened the bottle. "You shout my name out for all the world to hear and now slip back into addressing me like you're wearing a suit, Eugen. What is with that, hmm?" She kicked the sand away over my sandals as she hers went flying off a few metres, kansen strength kicking her in the ass as she had to dash off for them. "Must've been the wind, Herr Kommandant, and your imagination playing tricks on you as it whisked up me throwing myself at you with my name on your lips." She did an elaborate spin in place as if dancing at a ballroom before stopping to watch me about to take a drink.

"Mind if I have that?", she asked. "Uhh, after I drink about half of it and you address me by my rank," I responded. "It's no fun if it is after you take your half, Herr Kommandant. I can't add my special flavouring if you do that. And I do really have to pee." I would've spat my water out laughing if I had actually taken a drink, watching through my contained snickering as she rubbed her thighs dramatically. "Where did that one come from, Eugen?", I asked, holding the drink tighter. "Gotta throw something out of, how you say it, left field from time to time to get those adorable flustered reactions from you, Herr Kommandant. And I did forget to go before I left my quarters. If you will excuseeeee me for a moment, Sir, I will be to the ocean and back shortly. Try not to watch too closely."

"No you won't be, Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen." The words left my mouth before my brain properly had a chance to proof read it. It pulled Eugen back as if someone had yanked her around by the shoulder, spinning around and almost falling over to look back at me. The tone and the formality was something I spared for pulling her out of teasing spiral and to attention. "No?", she quizzed, tilting her head softly. "You're telling me I can't go to relieve my needs in the ocean, Herr Kommandant?"

"I'm telling you that you can't go pollute the ocean like that and be indecent in front of the others using the beach, Eugen."

She looked around, noting the around a dozen other kasen and as many auxiliary personnel on the beach. "You really aren't telling me to use the public facilities, are you? No way a refined and dignified woman like myself will be seen there after the party incident." Eugen exaggerated what could pass as an upper class British accent as she pointed over towards the little square building on the promenade by the cliffs. "And I don't want to trundle all the way back to my quarters and miss whatever you probably falling over in the sea." I looked her in eye, her legs now slightly crossed at the ankles. "Then you're just going to have to wait until I am ready to leave, Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen."

She gasped out in faux shocked, falling to her knees next to me. It wasn't hard to note her expression change and her hand drift towards her crotch before she thought better of it. She regretted shaking her bladder around like that. "You're asking a lady to hold it for your enjoyment? You absolute scoundrel."

"No, it's you who won't leave to find proper relief for her needs instead of being glued to me," I replied, waving off her blame game. "You can go stop holding it at any time."

"Well now that could be taken many ways, Herr Kommandant. You... wouldn't stay around her long enough to make a woman wet herself in her bikini... would you?" She folded her arms over her stomach and looked away. "Well, Eugen," I said, shifting around on my towel, "Perhaps I would if it would teach a stubborn, teasing, borderline insubordinate brat like you a lesson." Her eyes went wide and I think she was more convinced of my seriousness than I was. "Well, Herr Kommandant, I'm sorry to burst your bubble but my bladder is not going to burst here or anywhere. I can wait justtttt fine."

She sat down in the sand next to me and threw her red uniform jacket over me in a huff. I placed it in the bag next to me and presented the bottle she had demanded earlier. I had never gotten that swig that I wanted. 1 cool litre sat waiting for her "Prove it then, Eugen." She took the bottle with a hint of hesitation before downing it quickly. I marked the feat down to kansen biology. She tossed the bottle back over me and wiped her lips with her arm. "You really are getting a kick out of this, aren't you?", she demanded with with a cheeky grin. "A chance to see the untouchable Prinz Eugen flustered and brought to heel without the stars on my shoulder causing it? You're damn right."

About 2 hours passed with us continuing to chat and joust for position in the constant battle for the top rung of the ladder. A few other kansen stopped by to talk with me and Eugen but mostly it was just us. The whole holding it in thing took a back seat as we relaxed. You couldn't tell she was doing anything more than casually crossing her legs and occasionally readjusting her position. It was only when a particularly powerful wave crashed to shore that the challenge came back to the fore. "Ooooh, scheiße," groaned out Eugen, sitting up on her heels and gently resting a hand against the front of her black string bikini bottoms. "Something you need to tell me, Eugen?"

"That I hated the sound of that wave, Herr Kommandant. Perhaps you would like to move further up the beach away from the deafening roar of the waves. Perhaps even all the way back to our quarters so I can shower off the sand from between my toes and you can hear me clearly in the silence."

"There is no "our" quarters, Eugen," I corrected, "And I am quite happy where I am. If you want to go wash off there's a whole sea right there." Eugen began to start up some snarky denial when I lept to my feet and began to walk towards the sea. "I feel like enjoying the refreshing water a little. Care to join me or is your bladder turning to glass down there?" To my surprise, shock even, there was no smart remark back from Eugen, just a whispered, "bastard", as she stumbled to her feet and hobbled off after me.

I waded ankle deep in the cool waters without a care, reaching down to splash my hand in it and pick up a shell. The wet splash of heavy, deliberate footsteps echoed behind me alongside a soft squeak and several breathed, "scheißes." Eugen came to stop alongside me, legs pressed tight together, fingernails digging into the front of her thighs. "Is everything alright there, Eugen," I asked innocently. "Wouldn't you like to know in detail, you- mmmf, not even going to dignify you with that one, Herr Kommandant." She closed her eyes and lifted her feet out of the wet sand as she desperately stepped in place. Her stomach stuck out far over the waistband of her bikini bottoms now, tight and taught around a filling sack of warm piss.

"I would like to know in detail, Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen, so make your report." She growled a little. "At attention," I snapped. And with huff of effort and exasperation she stood up straight, arms by her sides. "The bladder of Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen is currently reaching critical capacity, Herr Kommandant, and emergency measures to retain control of possible flooding while retaining a dignified appearance according to the Regulation Standards of 1942 are failing." She tensed up and looked to me. "Happy to see the teasing Eugen finally cracking, Sir?" I walked in front of her, a wave crashing against our legs and causing the bursting kasen to shiver.

"I did not give you permission to speak freely, Provisional Warrant Officer, but I am. I am pleased to see that Exercise Bladder Fortitude is proving to be an overwhelming success." She scoffed, "Is there going to be multiple of these exercises, Sir? I'd say some of the other kansen certainly need it after the party incident." I scooped up a handful of cool water and half succeeded in throwing it over her bladder bulge. The mix of hot and cold sensations right on the source of the pressure driving her crazy drove a whimper from her lips as her legs shook and fell out of attention to a tight cross. "Don't be so crass about your fellow kansen behind their backs, Provisional Warrant Officer." She took in shaky breaths. I noted the other people on the beach had mostly left at this point. Probably should have before I tried the water trick. "At attention, Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen."

She took in a sharp breath and returned to a pressured-filled position of attention, one leg slightly rubbing the other to try and stave off the pressure. "I apologise, Sir," she hissed. "Huh, you finally apologised for something you did. I'm shocked you didn't have a remark preloaded for that 10 minutes ago. "Don't think you've won yet, Harry. I'm still in control," she shot back. "Harry?", I asked, stopping in front of her. "You will address me by my rank while on parade, Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen. Report back to my towel for disciplinary action." I started back immediately, making sure my steps kicked water up against her legs as she groaned and made to follow me. "This seawater is the only thing getting my legs wet today, Herr Kommandant," she jabbed, walking with a hand now shamelessly between hers.

"The other two things I'm sure you're dying to see are staying locked well inside me." It seems I really hadn't won just yet. "A sexual innuendo and a challenge. You're really pushing your luck, Eugen." I gestured down to my towel as she sauntered up to me, taking the hint to slowly lie down on it, carefully supporting her bladder. "I've pushed my luck far futher with far higher stakes on the line, Herr Kommandant, not that there are any stakes here in the first place. Stakes would require you to actually have the balls to make me wet myself, Herr Kommandant."

I reached over and grabbed another smaller bottle out of my bag, slowly twisting the lid open. "I wouldn't?," I asked, looking her in the eyes and then to her throbbing bladder bulge. "You wouldn't," she replied confidently, smiling, even opening her legs by some incredible force of will. Then she saw where the opening of the bottle was, the height I had it at, the ice cold water slowly working up towards spilling out as I tipped it over. Her wide eyes said everything. "You wouldn't? Herr Kommanda--aa."

Whatever plea she had was taken away by the slapping splash of cold water pouring on her aching bladder bulge, running across her tummy, flowing down her side, little rivers of it building against the waistband of her bikini. "Ah, ah, Sir, please, please mercy for my bladder, please." She reached up to grab my wrist but stopped herself at the last second, jamming it between her legs as her other hand grasped helplessly at the sand. The bottle was only a third empty and she was digging a trench with her kicking legs. "Mercy for your poor bladder? You told me there were no stakes. You told me I didn't have the balls to make you wet yourself. Where did all that confidence go?"

"Th-through my bikini and all over your towel if you don't stop that, Herr Kommadant, please. I'm going to explode." She could have stopped me in a heartbeat if she wanted to. I would've listened to a genuine ask to quit the game in a heartbeat, never mind the fact she had the strength to seriously toss me and my bottle 200 metres out to sea without a hint of effort. All of that strength was going into containing her flood waters right now. The game was on a knife edge and she'd be damned if she lost without having thrown her everything at winning. The bottle was now two thirds empty. "How many teasing brats got off easily by switching up their tune when they knew they were cornered, slipping through the bars of punishment with their tongue out?"

"Mmmmmeee?", she strained, crossing her legs. I dropped the bottle on her bladder as the last droplets trickled out. "No, Eugen, not you. Despite the fact you're brilliant at it, despite the fact you're so wonderful and brilliant and more than just a teasing joker who knows how to use her wits and looks to crack the toughest stone, despite the fact you'd say you're untameable and unbreakable, I say I win this time." I didn't realise I had been leaning in close and closer, I don't think Eugen did either. Our attention was on my outburst of emotion.

"You win, Harry," she said with a shaky, whispered voice.

And then I heard it. I had won.

I glanced down to the source of strong hiss to see my towel quickly pulled up and away under Eugen as she sat up with her legs crossed, forming a little pool that quickly turned into a very, very big one. Kansens are physically superior to humans in many ways and this was my confirmation that that edge extended to their bladders too. Her stream jetted out of her black bikini like it wasn't even there into a puddle that grew as if there wasn't sand all around us. It spread out under her thighs and butt in rivers that carved canals of wet sand. I moved to apologise, to ask if she was alright, but she just pulled me down behind her. It felt so, so fucking warm against my legs.

"Just sit there and look natural," she demanded, slowly leaning back to rest against my chest. "You can watch all you want." The stream splashed up against the backs of her lower legs but something told me Eugen wasn't just trying to get wetting herself over and done with quicker. Her breathing was heavy, her hands planted firmly in whatever dry sand was around us "How long were you holding it for, Eugen?" 15 and a half hours with normal hydration was the test standard for endurance in the Ironblood," she replied tersely. 

I couldn't even imagine holding for half that time with regular hydration. There was no equivalent test for the Azur Lane. I had a feeling she didn't want to explain it further. "Could you... press on my stomach softly, please?" she breathed, the stream lowering in intensity down to a gently stream. I raised my hand slowly as to not draw too much attention from those still around, but Eugen grasped it and brought it to her bladder in a flash. It was softer than before, smooth, but still there was a hard, fullness deeper inside that I pushed in my fingertips.

Eugen whimpered softly and the splashing roared again for a few seconds, her legs shaking and then flying open to let the dam break and the puddle flow out down towards the sea. It made it about a metre and half before it all dried in. "Thank you," she whispered. "You're welcome, Eugen. Are you done?"

"Yes," she whispered. "Would you like to go and have that shower now?"

"In your quarters... please," she whispered. "If that is what you need, Eugen. You can get moving first if you want and I will catch you up. Let me do the clearing up."

She nodded and gave a final soft spurt through her bikini before standing up, shaking her legs. There was a complete change her manners now and not just because she had had an accident. The shield of confidence and teasing was breaking into pieces before me, crumbling like a frosted mirror to reveal a side of Eugen that nobody save for her siblings had seen. I handed her the key to my quarters and started to clear away my stuff and kick fresh sand over the mess as she wandered off to get clean.

I didn't know as I watched the waves crashing against the shore and the sun dipping in the sky that a wave of tears was streaming down her face in my quarters. I didn't know as I took a second to quickly congratulate some returning kansen on a successful patrol sortie that she was sobbing under the warm water of my shower. I didn't know as I stepped through my front door that they were a mix of the brightest happiness and the darkest of sorrows. I only knew that she sitting staring out of the window now, a towel under her butt and across her shoulders, her bikini still on.

"I washed it out thoroughly if you're wondering," she stated, legs crossed. "And I didn't pee in your shower."

"Actually, Eugen, I was just wondering if you want me to send your jacket down to the cleaners. It feel in, um, some of the wet sand as you... you know." I wasn't sure how she wanted me to say it. "You can say I wet myself, Herr Kommandant. No point pretending I didn't."

"That's not what I meant by that," I said defensively. "I just don't want to hurt you."

"Hurt me?", asked Eugen, turning to face me. "Ignoring the fact I'm a kansen and what that entails, nothing you did today hurt me at all."

"I made you wet yourself," I replied. "You made me break my shield, you soft bastard!!", she snapped back, standing and pointing at me. The snap made me recoil but I could see the tears in her eyes. "You don't know anything about what it was like in the Crimson Axis, nothing. Forget the officers, forget the scientists, I get to look out of the window here and see something we never could have with each other: a life and relationships." She strutted in front of the window, tearing the towel off her shoulders and pulling at it, ripping it in a heartbeat. "Only my sister knew ME. I only I knew them. Everyone else... sisters-in-arms, comrades in the great war. Never friends." She raised her hands over her head and threw the pieces to the ground.

"And it was still my honour to serve before I knew the truth. Teasing, tittering, confident Eugen would've still gotten herself blown up in a heartbeat for the Crimson Axis, and now I've turned my back on all that, left the my family, and what do I get here? A lot of the same with some advances into friendships at best... at worst?"

"Turncoat Ironblood-," I muttered. "I've heard worse from them," she replied. "They have every right to be angry after what I was involved in and who I helped bring low. I want to apologise properly but... how? How?" I had hardly ever heard words spoken with such hopelessness.

"By proving them wrong, Eugen. By proving you're far more than that. By proving to them that you're a strong, determined, smart, and kind soul who realises that she did wrong and wants to make amends for it in any way she can. Maybe an apology of words will work, maybe it will take deeds, maybe nothing will move them. I know that Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen has the strength, the courage, and the self-confidence to make it happen if she truly puts her mind to it. You are an officer of the Azur Lane, Eugen, but most importantly you are you." She took in my words with a smile and then buried her head in her hands, crying. I sat on the edge of my bed and held out my hand in case she wanted it.

She didn't move, having her moment of emotional release by the window as evening rain began to pour. "And then there's you, Sir, Herr Kommandant, Harry. The one I forgot to mention during my rant," she said through tears. "You who are something special to so many of us despite not being one of us. You know how much so many of them think of you?" I nodded, "I do, Eugen."

"Well count me among them too, Sir." Eugen walked over to a box of tissues to dry her eyes. "My brain still isn't entirely sure how you making me pee myself got me like this but I don't mind it one bit. For once, Sir, before a commanding officer I can be all of Eugen. All of me."

She chuckled softly, "And the teasing is a part of me, Herr Kommandant. I hope you're appreciating the sight of a bikini-clad woman in your bedroom."

"Well I think-", Eugen cut me off before I could get another word off. "I felt you pressing into my butt while I was having my accident. Was it that you enjoyed or finally getting to be the lucky boy who cuddles me?" No point in trying to deny it. She had me dead to right. "Both actually, Eugen. I liked being close to you like that. You're on the of the kansen I, uhhh-."

"Are the most aroused by?", inquired Eugen as she stepped closer. "I'd phrase it differently, Eugen, but that does the job." She walked up to me and rested a finger against my lips.

"Why be ashmed of that? It's only natural to feel those feelings. It's what you do with them that that makes them right or wrong." Her hand wandered down my chin and chest towards the swimming trunks that were the only thing I was still wearing. "Regulations say," I started. "That I should risk my life and accept that I can't indulge in some the desires built into me," replied Eugen. "I don't think that's fair."

"It's not," I agreed, "But I also haven't gone to the toilet in a very long time. I may have not drank or waited as long as you, Eugen, but I still have my limits. Her hand found my bladder and I felt her fingers move to press in, my eyes flicking to hers and seeing the mischief in them again. "I'm sure Herr Kommandant's limits can wait long enough for me to finally deliver on my promised favours..." She smiled, "If you want that?"

"Eugen," I breathed back, the heat ramping up the room as fast as our heartbeats. "Be careful."

She glided down to her knees and her fingers dug into my waistband. "Finally not the one bursting on my knees," she quipped as the fabric of my shorts fell away just enough for my swollen dick to pop free. The cool air of my room was both a blessing and a curse as multiple needs pulsed in the shaft and base. "Someone sure is excited for this," said Eugen, looking it over from multiple angles. "You're not," I replied. "The good thing about having your bikini bottoms soaked through with shower water and washed out urine is nobody can work out for sure what is what, and your arms aren't long enough to touch and find out."

"Don't tempt me mmmff," I replied, a rush of pressure hitting my bladder. The next moment, however, that sharp feeling was completely submerged by a sea of pleasure as Eugen took my tip and then the rest of the shaft into her mouth. My legs shook against her arms as I gripped the bed and she gripped my legs, bobbing her head up and down, her tongue dragging around the tip as she pulled all the way up and then slammed down until her lips hit the base. I could hear her groaning and moaning along with me, feel her hum, see her eyes close in pleasure.

"Eugen," I gasped, resting a hand in her white hair, "You feel so fucking amazing. You're perfect." The praise got me an extra hard, slow suck. We lost ourselves in the intimate pleasure for the blinding moments that followed. Scandalous sounds, beautiful sensations, the dreamlike sight of Eugen trying her best to please us both. Her hard work soon gave her what she wanted as I couldn't hold back one of my desires any longer and painted the back of her throat with thick lust. She held on me for a second before pulling her lips off of me, swallowing dramatically, and licking them clean.

"Better?", she asked innocently through the panting. "You have no idea how much better my dick feels and how on fire my bladder does," I replied through the panting. "Considering the things that have happened today, Herr Kommandant, I can. I remember reading somewhere that a male orgasm helps close up the pee hole and physically stop you releasing."

"Well thank fuck for my biology then because it's doing a lot of heavy lifting." I pushed myself off the bed without bothering to pull my shorts up, Eugen getting up off her knees and making sure her face was clean in a nearby mirror. "One moment please, Eugen." I walked into the en suite bathroom and was about to close the door when her hand blocked it. "You don't think you're the only one who needs that, are you?"

"As a matter of fact I did. You did flood the beach with your bladder not 50 minutes ago, Eugen." She smiled and shrugged. "Well now I need to piss a hole through your toilet too. Broken seal I believe is the phrase." I considered her "hole through the toilet remark" to be only half joking with the gusher she made earlier. "Well you can wait your turn or come in here with me, Eugen, or, if the great Eugen's bladder and pride can be defeated twice in one day, the window does swing open."

I wandered deep into the bathroom and left she space to step in or out. "Fat chance you'd miss my bare pissing ass," she snapped back, "And you should really learn ladies first, Herr Kommandant."

"I'd never get into a bathroom if I abided by that 24/7 on a base where, last I checked, I'm the only one here who can grow a beard." Eugen shut the door behind her and placed her thumbs in her waistband. "Fine then. Am I doing it on your floor?" I gestured to the frosted glass of the shower cubicle. "You can go in there while I use the toilet. I won't even be able to see your bare pissing ass from there," I mocked, squeezing my now softening dick as the need to piss rose to the forefront of my mind. Eugen sighed and sashayed into the cubicle, slowly pulling her bikini bottoms down just as she passed out of my view. I stay there just long enough to watch her right foot dart out and deposit them on the floor in front of it before I had to sit down on the toilet.

The shower door rolled closed as I got comfy. "No peeking via the mirror, Herr Kommandant," tittered Eugen. I heard her moving around in there, the sound of her steadying herself, and just as my own thick stream of warm piss started to gush out of my tip, the sound of Eugen's flood filled the bathroom. It was deafening indoors, like someone had turned the shower on and then added 2 more. I moaned softly in relief and arousal, Eugen let slip a pleasure filled, "Scheiße, so fucking good."

"You can say that again," I called. She repeated herself in a mocking tone of my own voice. "Enjoying the sound of me pissing out a river, Herr Kommdandant?"

"As much as you enjoyed sucking my balls dry, Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen."

"Hey, don't use my rank title in the same sentence as giving you a blowjob." It was an adorable reaction that I couldn't help but smile at. We both continued to pee in silence until we were both empty, Eugen taking 14 seconds longer than me. I shook my shaft, put it away, and flushed the toilet as I went to wash my hands, noting the pair of bikini bottoms sitting out of Eugen's reach. "Didn't plan out that one, did you?" I didn't give her time to respond before I chucked them over the top of the cubicle.

"Hey, that was on my head, dummkopf. Are you trying to mess up my hair before I have to walk back to my quarters?"

"I would've thought my hand in through your hair as you sucked me off would've messed it up more," I replied, washing the soap off my hand. The shower door swung open and Eugen stepped out to wash her hands off too. "Enough gloating about that before I consider never repeating it," she hissed playfully, running a wet finger up my back.

We left the bathroom and I checked the clock to see that it was getting late. "Oooh, the naughty subordinate staying with her superior late into the night?", Eugen gasped, "How scandalous. There'll be whispers of me taking you in other lips if we aren't careful." She nudged my arm, a faux serious expression on her face. "I doubt it. This area is pretty private and I left a note with the secretary to note your long visit as an official intelligence consultation." Eugen took up her jacket and slid it on, buttoning it up to cover her body up for the first time all day. "What did you learn, Mr Spymaster?" I took a moment to think.

"That Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen has far more to her than meets the eye. That she should be scheduled for reconciliation discussions with the Royal Navy." She bristled at that but bid me to continue. "That she is a wonderful woman who deserves far better than she has been given. And..."

"And?", she raised an eyebrow. "And I will consider the process to mke her provisional rank a permanent one in the near future."

"Oh why did you have to say that instead of something about my mouth being warm," Eugen replied, holding her face. "You're gonna make me cry again."

"I might cry if you cry again, Eugen," I said, holding her hand between my own, "But I'm happy to knowing there's no pain draining from your beautiful eyes." Provisional Warrant Officer Eugen smiled at, straightened out her uniform, and left her Herr Kommandant for the warmth of her bed.

As I sat down later at my desk to pen my diary entry for the day, my thoughts drifted back to earlier. "Exercise Bladder Fortitude..." Maybe. Maybe not. Strange things have happened during this war. Strange things like the party incident. I flicked through back through the pages for what I had wrote about that day.

A story for another time.

I was blind to the whole upload image thing.

&&

*002*2025-10-01 21:41

{{On 9/30/2025 at 7:33 PM, warham1995 said:

Cool story, my friend

}}

Thank you. I believe it is my longest story yet and something I possibly want to expand into a larger fanfiction around the game.

