The Sleepover

Author: largebio

*000*2019-09-21 13:18

"Truth or dare?", Ella asks.

"Truth", Paula answers decisively.

"When was the last time you peed your pants?"

"Oh come on El. You know the answer to that".

"I know, but I bet lots of the others don't".

Ella and Paula have been best friends since forever. Tonight they're at a sleepover at their friend Janice, with three more girls present.

The six of them are in their last year of high school and want to relax a little before their exams start. So they decided on a sleepover and this game of truth or dare.

"Ok... I'll tell them. It was our ast day of primary school", Paula says. "And in the evening, we had a farewell disco thing and I was drinking lots of coke. Mostly because we hardly ever had any at home. At around eleven o'clock I figured I had to pee, but as there was a queue outside the girls bathroom and there was only an hour left, I figured I'd hold it. By the time the party ended, I could barely hold it, but the line had grown even longer. I was gonna stay over at Ella's, so we decided to just go and pee there".

"I really needed to pee too, and since I lived just a five minute walk away, we figured it would be quicker than waiting in line", Ella expands.

"Exactly. We walked back to Ella's, but I had to stop and compose myself ever so often. And my knickers had gotten a bit damp from some small leaks. Just as El was unlocking her front door I leaked, and I just couldn't stop leaking, so I wet myself right outside her parents' home", Paula admits.

The girls giggle a bit, but also agree that accidents can happen.

Maggie, one of the other girls, admits to having wet her bed aged fifteen: "I don't know how or why, but I just woke up in a wet bed".

The girls continue their game of thruth or dare, until the question comes back to Paula.

"Dare", she says, "but can I quickly go pee first? I really have to go".

*003*2019-09-23 19:10

“Well, I was thinking of something else, but now... I dare you to hold your pee for two hours. Starting now!”, Ella says.

“I guess I don’t have a choice, do I”, Paula responds surprised.

“You don’t”, their friend Julie says.

The girls continue playing, and when it’s Paula’s turn again, she is asked whether she thinks she can hold it until time’s up.

“No way”, she answers.

The girls play two more rounds until they’re fed up with it. They just start gossiping, Paula fidgeting constantly.

“Could you please sit still for a minute?”, Zoe asks rhetorically.

“No. How much longer?”, Paula says, tears welling up in her eyes.

“Forty-six minutes and thirteen seconds”, Ella says checking the timer she set.

“Fuck! No way I’ll be able to wait that long”, Paula says both hands in her crotch, rocking back and forth.

“You’re gonna have t...”, Maggie says before being interrupted by a gasp.

“I think a little just came out”, Paula stammers.

“Sit on the floor please, I don’t want you to ruin my mattress”, Janice says.

Reluctantly, Paula moves her damp but to the floor.

*006*2019-09-25 19:11

“Please... please can I just go pee”, Paula begs.

“A dare’s a dare”, Ella says.

“But we stopped playing ages ago”, Paula whines.

“We don’t care”, Maggie giggles.

For now, Paula accepts defeat.

She holds for what feels like twenty minutes, but is more like five, when another spurt further dampens her knickers.

“How much longer?”, she asks.

“38 minutes and 14 seconds”, Ella answers.

“Jezus fucking christ. I’m gonna be all wet by the time the timer runs out”, she exclaims just as she feels urine drip down her butt crack.

Both hands buried in her crotch and constantly rocking back and forth, Paula manages to hold it five minutes without leaking any more.

But then she leaks again and again and again. Feeling the dam burst, she stands up.

“I’m almost peeing myself. I’m gonna run to the loo”, she announces.

“No way. You’re either holding it or going right here in your shorts”, Julie smirks.

“What she said”, Ella adds, racing to the door to block it.

“Please, please just let me pass. Please, I’m too old to be having an accident”, Paula says nearly crying.

“You might be. But the only way to avert it, is holding it for another 31 minute 42”, Zoe says.

“But... but...”, Paula cries.

*009*2019-09-26 20:52

Silence ensues. Quickly followed by loud splattering and hissing.

For a minute and a half Paula just stands frozen, full on wetging her shorts and knickers. When the flow stops, she runs towards the bathroom, crying loudly.

She just sits on the toilet, clothed and crying.

“How could they be so cruel?”, she asks herself. “Just why? Why?”

A tentative knock on the bathroom door, followed by a request to enter the bathroom. Paula ignores it.

“Hey there honey”, Ella whispers, poking her head around the door.

“Get lost! You’re supposed to be my bestie. But look what you made me do”.

“I know. I know... I’m sorry. This just got way outta hand. I never thought it would actually get that far, with you in... you know... wet pants”.

“Well, you don’t have to deal with the embarrasment of wetting yourself aged 17”.

“I just wish I could make it all undone”, Ella says now firmly embracing her friend. “And I’m sure the same goes for the others. Now, let me help you get cleaned up”.

While Paula takes a shower, Ella fetches her some clean clothes from Janice’s collection.

“Thanks”, Paula smiles. “But don’t ever make me do this again. Or we’ll be arch enemies instead of besties”.

“Deal”, Ella smiles, again hugging her friend. “Now put some clothes on and join us. Janice’s mom has ordered us pizza”.

*012*2019-09-29 19:29

The girls quickly devour the pizza and gulp down two large glasses of coke.

“I think my bladder’s tired. I fucking need to piss again”, Paula says racing to the bathroom.

She quickly locks the door behind her before yanking her - well actually Janice’s - shorts and knickers down. She seats herself on the toilet and instantly starts pissing.

She breathes a sigh of relief, as she’s glad she avoided a second accident in as little as an hour. Taking her time, she just sits for a minute after she’s finished.

A loud knock on the door disturbs her though: “please hurry, I really gotta go”.

“Just a sec Maggs”, Paula responds pulling her clothes back up.

She heads over to the sink to wash her hands before unlocking the door. She’s greated by the sight of Maggie pee dancing with a hand on her crotch.

“You weren’t kidding”, Paula says.

“Move! I’m nearly wetting myself”, Maggie says pushing her friend to the side.

She runs awkwardly, too desperate to even close the door.

But then she slips and falls down on her butt. The impact’s just too much, and immediately pee rushes through her knickers and pyjamas.

Defeated, Maggie buries her face in her hands and starts sobbing, all while creating a massive puddle all around her.

Without hesitation, Paula squats next to her and starts comforting her.

“But you were forced to hold it. I was free to go at any time. I feel like a little baby”, Maggie says through her tears.

