Svetlana's Fall from Grace (slightly different version)

Author: Lexi

*000*2025-02-10 18:23

The bar was a place for the privileged, a high-gloss playground where the beautiful played their game of power, allure, and manipulation. The sleek, polished surfaces and soft jazz in the background created an atmosphere of hushed reverence, but the true majesty—the spectacle—was in the arrival of Svetlana.

She was not simply a woman walking through the door. She was an event. A living, breathing symbol of everything the men in the room would never possess—beauty that could never be touched, power that could never be matched. She glided through the entrance, her heels clicking on the floor, a sound that seemed to vibrate through the hearts of every man present, sending a thrill up their spines.

She was a vision—her flawless skin glowing in the warm lighting, her platinum blonde hair cascading like silk over her shoulders, her lips painted in the kind of red that demanded attention. Her skin-tight white jeans hugged her curves with the precision of a sculptor’s hand, and the fur-lined leather jacket draped around her shoulders was the kind of luxury that only the chosen few could afford. Every inch of her screamed perfection.

She was perfection. She knew it.

The room fell silent. Men stopped talking, eyes trained on her as if she were a goddess descending from the heavens, and they—the mere mortals—were privileged to catch a glimpse of her divine radiance. Svetlana basked in it. Every second, every glance, every whispered word about her beauty felt like an affirmation of the truth she had built for herself—that she was above them all. She was untouchable. She was above it all.

Elena and Masha, seated at the bar with drinks in hand, exchanged glances that mixed envy and awe. “She’s... she’s too perfect,” Elena whispered, her voice barely audible, her eyes wide.

Masha could barely tear her gaze away, her mouth dry with longing and bitterness. “She could crush us with a look,” she muttered, shaking her head. “And she knows it.”

Svetlana sat at the plush sofa, her every movement calculated, an effortless display of dominance. Drinks were served. They were offered freely, eagerly, and she accepted them, one after the other, without hesitation, without thought. Each sip made her feel more powerful, more in control. The men around her fawned over her, desperate to earn a scrap of her attention, fighting to get close to her, to touch her. They were pathetic in their admiration. She knew it. She allowed it.

But as the night wore on, something started to shift. The alcohol began to do its work—pushing against the walls of her self-control, unraveling the perfect image she had so carefully constructed. A dull ache began deep in her abdomen. At first, it was nothing—a flicker of discomfort. She ignored it. Svetlana didn’t let her body control her. She was a queen, a ruler of her own domain.

But as the hours passed, the ache didn’t subside. It grew. It spread. It became a burning pressure that sank into her lower abdomen, pushing against her bladder, tightening her stomach, and causing an uncomfortable cramping in her bowels. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat, her legs crossing in subtle movements that only her body could understand.

She tried to ignore it, to bury it under layers of vanity and confidence. No one will see this weakness. No one will know. She was Svetlana, the perfect woman. The woman who never had to pee, the woman who could hold it all—the woman whose flawless beauty transcended all mundane human needs.

“I have an iron bladder,” she boasted to the men surrounding her, her voice lilting, full of arrogance. “I can hold it all night. No need for the bathroom. I’m... above that.”

They laughed, charmed by her, mesmerized by the way she spoke, the way she moved. But beneath the confidence, beneath the gleaming smile, the battle inside her body was escalating. The pressure built higher, deeper. Her stomach gurgled with warning, her bladder pulsing in protest. The more she tried to suppress it, the more it pushed back.

Her breathing grew heavier, faster. She could feel the sweat starting to bead on her forehead, but she kept up her performance. Her posture remained perfect, her gaze unyielding. She was perfection. She was invincible.

But no one—not even Svetlana—could outrun the consequences of arrogance.

The moment it happened, it felt like a slow-motion disaster. One second, she was poised, the picture of pristine grace, and the next, everything came crashing down in a brutal, shattering wave.

A hot rush of urine exploded from her, soaking through her pristine white jeans in an instant. The shock of it hit her like a slap, and she froze—her body paralyzed in disbelief, her mind trying to process what was happening. The wetness spread quickly, leaving a dark, discolored stain that couldn’t be ignored. The men around her, who had been eating up every word, every smile, now stared at her in horrified shock.

But that was only the beginning.

Her stomach clenched violently, her bowels rebelling in a way she could never have anticipated. The cramps were unbearable, a sickening surge that tore through her insides. Svetlana gasped, her breath hitching in shock and fear. She couldn’t stop it. She couldn’t control it.

The release came in a sudden burst—loud, wet, unforgiving. The grotesque sound of her bowels emptying, the stench filling the air like a rotten cloud, swallowed the room whole. There was no hiding it. The explosive fart that escaped her was only the beginning, followed by a massive, uncontrollable mess. The stain spread across her jeans—so dark, so revolting—that it seemed to mock the very concept of her perfection.

Her body went rigid. The world seemed to tilt as the reality of her collapse set in. Her stomach twisted in humiliation. This wasn’t supposed to happen. She was the perfect woman. She was better than this.

But the evidence was undeniable. Her pristine white jeans, once the symbol of her flawlessness, were now soaked in urine and stained with the brown mess of her loss of control. The stench—God, the stench—was unbearable. It radiated from her in waves, a disgusting, rancid odor that churned the stomachs of everyone in the room. The men who had once hung on her every word recoiled in horror. Some turned away immediately, others stood frozen, unsure of how to react. They had been in the presence of a goddess, and now they were staring at a broken, repulsive wreck.

Svetlana couldn’t move. Her body was still—paralyzed with shame, with disbelief. Her hair, once so carefully styled, now clung to her face in greasy strands. Her makeup, once perfect, was smeared and runny. Her body, so carefully sculpted, now seemed to betray her at every turn, twisted in a humiliating position as she sat there, paralyzed by the collapse of everything she had worked for.

Then came the final, brutal blow.

The man—the wealthy one, the one she had imagined herself leaving with, the one she had counted on to prove her power—looked down at her, his expression a mix of disgust and disbelief. His eyes widened, then quickly averted, as if she were no longer worthy of his gaze. Without a word, he turned on his heel and strode out of the bar, his expensive shoes clicking against the floor in a mockery of her own stiletto boots, now twisted and abandoned.

And just like that, Svetlana—the perfect woman—was alone. Alone in the gutter. Alone in her mess. Alone with the stench of failure and humiliation so thick she could taste it.

Her body lay there, sprawled in the filth, as the cold night air bit at her exposed skin. The city lights above her illuminated the gruesome spectacle—her ruined body, her shattered illusion. The dream of perfection, of beauty, of control, all lay in tatters around her.

She had fallen from grace, from a throne she never knew was fragile. Her beauty had been her weapon, her pride. And now, it was nothing more than a cruel joke. Her reign was over.

