Desperate Love - Page 2

Author: Lapis Lazuli

*025*2020-09-29 04:11

Okay I'm sorry for all the delays but this is FINALLY done! Well, not the whole series, but this chapter which is really long and also a different arc I wanted to take starting out from Chapter 6? I know, I'm sure a lot of people were excited for what was going to be Chapter 8, but I just couldn't make it work, so I stepped back a bit. I'll definitely revisit that same concept again in the future, though!

Without further ado...

###

Chapter 7 (Rewritten)

###

Shape of You begins to play. Helen immediately turns it off, wondering if anyone in the world likes that song.

Dawn sits on the couch in front of Helen’s laptop as it plays a movie, a copiously large glass of water to her side. She’ll get dehydrated from the alcohol, Helen says, even though it’s very obviously just an excuse to refill Dawn’s bladder. Speaking of which, Helen begins to walk back over from the dresser, which serves as a makeshift kitchen for breakfast, late-night snacks, or just when she’s too depressed to leave her room. She brings over two coffee filters full of chips, setting one on Dawns’s lap as she leans over to give a soft kiss on the cheek.

“Dawn, baby, you didn’t drink your water…” Helen coos, tucking herself into the crook of Dawn’s neck, smelling her lavender perfume. Dawn makes a pretend-grumble sound that actually sounds pleasant as she reaches over to grab the water, gulping it down. Helen can hear her girlfriend swallow, the water rushing down the walls of her throat… it knocks Dawn back into her senses a little, just from the sensation of the cool water inside her mouth. She sets it down, reaching around Helen to gently rest her hands on her partner’s hips.

Helen has her own glass of water too; though she could never refill her bladder so quickly in just a few hours, and might just be too tired to do so, she still figures that she could still have a bit of fun if she ends up rapidly filling up. Even still, she knows that Dawn's bladder will suffer much more; she can't hold nearly as much, her muscles aren't as strong, she's just not as experienced at holding. She'll probably be walking in and out of the bathroom every other second.

Suddenly, a sex scene comes on. “oooh, girlllll, we gotta try that tonight…” Helen giggles at Dawn’s statement and her sudden horniness, causing her to blush. “Babe, we shouldn’t go too far until you’re sober enough to consent…”

“yea, yeah, i know… i’m not that drunk, sis.” Helen’s head slides down her lover’s body until she’s resting it on Dawn’s chest, listening to her slow, gentle breath. "You pissed on the side of the dormitory... people were watching. that's pretty drunk..." At this, Dawn seems to look away, the temperature in her body growing. She's gotten sober enough to be embarrassed by now, which Helen quickly picks up on; she reaches her hand up and gently runs her fingers through Dawn's short hair, soothing her and coaxing out the tension in her body.

"Hey, sunshine..." Helen whispers, a loving cadence to her voice. "life happens to the best of us... you had a moment of weakness, and that's ok. nobody can be eternally strong." Dawn, in reply, slowly turns around, readjusting herself to be able to look into Helen's eyes... The pair sit incredibly close, and for a moment, Helen looks into Dawn's eyes and, ever so briefly, seems to see the deep ocean within them; in the black sea of Dawn's wide pupil, it's as if Helen can see bioluminescent jellyfish dancing, casting a beautiful azure glow all around them. But just as soon as Helen thinks she sees this, Dawn falls forward onto Helen's shoulder, gently sobbing into the fabric of her shoulder. What she thought were jellyfish were tears, reflecting the cerulean twilight.

Helen immediately goes into Shooshmode, again raising a hand to card her fingers through Dawn's hair, gently whispering in her ear: "it's okay dawn... let it all out. i will always love you... no matter what." She lowers her hand to rub on Dawn's back, coaxing Dawn to let out choked sobs. Slowly, over the next few minutes, Dawn calms herself, simmering down to shaky breaths and a tightly-locked hug around Helen, who continues to run her hands down Dawn's back. She pulls away slowly, looking Helen into the eyes, silent for a long moment; Dawn begins to understand why Helen acted the way she did around her yesterday. "i'm... sorry, helen." Dawn slowly whispers, "i made a fool out of both of us..." Helen reaches one hand up to cup Dawn's cheek, holding her steady. "Please, don't ever apologize for yourself, never ever. You are the most beautiful woman in the world."

"but-", "no buts, Dawn. This time, my word is final."

Helen helps them both stand up, then goes to turn on her bedside lamp for some light, making sure it's turned away so that their eyes aren't murdered. "You know... a while ago, I read this story in... elementary school, i think. It was about some kid, and it was her eleventh birthday, and she wasn't feeling very good because she had a bad day at class. but she... she said that a ten-year old kid isn't just ten, she's ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, and zero all at once. When people cry, maybe they're feeling three." Helen sits them back down at the couch, smiling, as their weight against the soft fabric causes them to bounce up and down a little. “I guess the point is... nobody ever really grows up. they just get better at hiding their weak points." All Dawn can do at this point is chuckle.

It is at this moment that Dawn, unsurprisingly, feels something in her bladder. “hey, speaking of feeling three…” Trapped in Helen’s arms, she can’t really move to get up and go to the bathroom, so Dawn begins to hold herself as Helen watches. “wanna play for a bit, girl?”

“Dawn, babe… are you sure you’re sober enough to?” Helen runs her arms down Dawn’s arms, noticing that they don’t feel as clammy as they did before, and her speech is less slurred too. Dawn, of course, nods, letting out a frustrated “come on, of course i am!”

Helen thinks for a bit, deciding that Dawn is probably sober enough for a little fun. “...alright. But nothing too intense, ok?”

“but helen… i’ve been such a bad girl…” As Dawn speaks, she lowers the pitch of her voice, enough that it clearly becomes her mating call. “Dawn, baby… no buts, right? Like I said, my word is final.”

Helen begins to climb on top of Dawn and make out, enjoying the sudden dominance. She continues to go slowly, planting gentle kisses on Dawn’s lips, face, and neck. “Say,” Helen says, “you haven’t been suckled yet, have you?” Without waiting for an answer, Helen scooches back to line herself up with Dawn’s breasts. “n… no… i haven’t… please do it.” Helen slips her fingers around her lover’s tank top, lifting them up to reveal a feminine pink push-up bra. It comes off too, exposing Dawn’s lovely voluptuous form.

Helen slowly begins to suckle on Dawn’s left tit, lapping up the milk as it comes out, letting her tongue coax out more as it scoops up what remains from the previous lick. When Dawn lets out a soft moan, Helen relishes in the sound, moving over to suckle on Dawn’s other breast, squeezing it and making soft noises as she drains Dawn dry. From the weight of Helen’s body against her bladder and the pleasure in her breasts, Dawn rolls her head over, letting out a tired “fffffffuck…”

Seeing that Dawn doesn’t have much more milk to give, Helen pushes herself up to look into Dawn’s eyes. Kneeling over her, she pushes herself up to slide off her top and uncover herself, groping her own breasts in her hands. Dawn reaches up to hold them herself, before pulling Helen down by the tits to kiss her fervently, her lips and tongue feeling all around Helen.

As they smooch, Helen begins to slow down with the smooches, letting Dawn listen to her gentle breath, staring into each other’s eyes. Helen slowly brings her lips towards Dawn’s ear, nibbling and kissing the flesh along the way. She whispers: “Dawn… my sunrise. I wanna piss on your titties.” At the thought, Dawn squirms and holds herself tightly, rolling her head over. She doesn’t say much, just looking up into her lover’s eyes. “Dawn? Are you… alright? I don’t have to…” Dawn shakes her head. “i don’t think so… i’m not ready for that yet. besides… i’m not sure I’m willing to let you get any relief just yet, girl.”

“Likewise for you, sunshine…”

Dawn pushes herself up from between Helen’s legs, pulling her own legs back through until she’s sitting on the couch again. And there, the two sit barefoot and topless, in nothing but their skirt and jeans, Dawn’s bladder filling ever closer to the brim, with Helen just a bit further behind; her kidneys acting faster on her bigger bladder. Dawn slides a hand down between Helen’s large thighs, rubbing her two middle fingers on the fabric around Helen’s middle seam, teasing her… Helen begins to slowly move with the motion, a deep blush growing on her cheeks. In reply, she too reaches a hand into Dawn’s skirt, picking at the hem of her panties.

Eventually, Dawn feels her bladder act up again, and moves her free hand between her own legs. This prompts Helen to help Dawn hold, pushing tightly against her vulva. Helen can feel just a hint of dampness from when Dawn pulled her panties back over herself in an attempt to seal herself shut when she was outside, having mostly dried by now. This too causes Helen’s bladder to act up… Helen slowly brings herself closer to Dawn’s ear. “Hey dawn, sexy baby… wanna have a holding contest…?”

“oh yeah? what’s the prize?” Helen nibbles on Dawn’s earlobe for a bit. “Whoever pisses herself first… she has to finger the other while she’s still holding it all in…” At the thought, Dawn lets out some noise between a sigh and a moan, leaning her head to the side… “can i still finger you after, babe?”

“As if… I’m gonna get fingered first cause you’re gonna piss yourself first.” Both of them giggle, faking confidence.

After a bit of negotiation, Helen gets up and prepares two more large glasses of water for each of them to drink. They both gulp them down over about a minute, turning the movie they were watching back on, snuggling back up to eachother. Helen decides to give Dawn a big ol titty touch, reaching over with her left hand to hold Dawn and run her thumb across her sideboob. Each of them have their thighs pressed tightly together, moving their legs back and forth as the pressure in each of their bladders continues to grow.

Dawn reaches forward, holding Helen’s cheeks in her hands, and gives her lover a slow, passionate smooch on the lips… Beginning to take on a more submissive role, Helen opens her eyes to let Dawn look straight into them, as she can feel herself fill more and more with her glorious hot piss, hanging off of Dawn’s bottom lip with her hand still on her right boob… Over the next few minutes, the pair of them continue to hold eachother and kiss… while Dawn stays relatively consistent in her desperation, able to contain it all just by holding her thighs together and fidgeting, Helen has it much worse for wear; she can constantly feel her bladder filling up more and more, and within just about ten minutes, Dawn is smirking proudly that this game of theirs is in the bag. Now, for Helen, it’s only a matter of time.

Dawn pushes herself up, carrying Helen along with her as she reaches down to lick and toy with her starlight’s bosom. In these moments, Helen reaches down and holds herself tightly between her legs, bouncing both to let Dawn enjoy the jiggling of her tits, as well as an expression of her desperation, as Dawn runs her lips and tongue against the soft, bouncing flesh. “Aaaahhhhhnnnnn… god, I’m… so fucking desperate… nnnph-” Helen kind of falls away, squatting as she holds herself tightly. “I can’t hold it anymore, Dawn… why did I drink so much…” Dawn squats down with her, having to hold herself too, but only needing to use one hand; the other floats up to gently run down Helen's cheek. “girl, you drank so much because you’re a champ at holding. there’s so much piss inside you, begging to start gushing out, but you won’t let it. you’re so strong.”

At this point, Helen sinks into Dawn’s touch, resting her cheek on her supple hands. “you know what? let it all out, girl, right here. you’re not losing if you get relief first.” Helen pushes herself up with a free hand, bringing Dawn along with her, pushing their foreheads together and staring into each of their eyes. Helen tilts her expression, giving a flirty look to Dawn, before she just… takes both of her hands away from between her legs, moving one of them straight to Dawn’s hips, at the hem of her skirt, and the other to grab a condom. “I know what you’re doing. You’re just trying to get me to finger you. Well guess what, babe…” Helen begins to slip her thumbs between Dawn’s hip and the hem of her skirt, pulling it gently away from her body. “It’s working…”

Infatuated, Helen comes just a bit closer, her hands sticking through Dawn’s waistband, fingers gently tracing her curves. “Dawn, baby… you’re still okay with going farther, right?”, Helen says in a soft, whispery voice and just a bit of a concerned tone. It takes little time for Dawn to respond: “of course, sis. don’t worry.”

“Okay… I just wanted to check…” Helen again starts to cross and uncross her legs in an attempt to keep everything in, enough that Dawn can easily notice. “girl, just let it all out. You’ve proven yourself to me already. besides, i can’t hold it anymore either-” With Helen’s thumbs between her thighs, Dawn tightens herself up too as she leans down to kiss the top of Helen’s breasts.

In that moment, Helen holds her breath as she shuffles back at forth to open her legs to about one-and-a-half the width of her shoulders. She lets her head fall forward towards Dawn’s, relaxing, as slowly… the space between her legs begins to quickly grow wet, a dark spot forming and spreading across the creases formed by her thighs, tummy, and crotch. The pee continues to stream down, painting her jeans a darker shade in long, elegant lines, creating a small puddle between Helen’s feet. As her pee streams out, and her puddle grows in diameter, Helen puts a condom over her three middle fingers, and slides them slowly between Dawn’s lips, feeling the soft flesh inside.

As Helen pees, her expression grows increasingly flustered and relieved, and she cranes her memory to remember what it felt like when she fingered Dawn yesterday. Drawing from her memory, she reaches for what she feels like the right spot, but as she pisses, she grows quite sloppy, flustered from the newfound pressure inside Dawn from her full bladder. Coincidentally, pushing on the right spot happens to line up quite well with Dawn’s bladder, creating a dual feeling of stimulation and bladder torturing inside Dawn. This causes Dawn to bite her lip, hyperventilating, as she slumps forward onto Helen, resting her head on the soft flesh above Helen’s breasts. Because of the intense pressure inside herself, it takes about ten seconds for Dawn to lose control herself, aggressively pissing into the palm of Helen’s hand as well as staining her lacy panties, making a huge mess on the floor.

The two of them piss for quite a while, Helen gushing out piss for almost two minutes… In fact, by the time Dawn is done peeing, Helen is still going strong. She continues to fuck Dawn, pressing against the wall of her vagina hard with her ring finger, and steading herself with her middle and index fingers, until just as Helen finishes, Dawn reaches orgasm and stains her panties with her cum as well as her pee… in that moment, the two of them are too exhausted to stand, and they fall back, Helen’s back eventually landing on the side of her bedspread. Dawn slumps forward as Helen falls onto her back, and when she lands, Dawn can hear her partner’s accelerated heartbeat and deep breaths.

Dawn, tired and messy, slides off her skirt and panties, and helps remove Helen’s soiled jeans as well, sliding up until they’re on top of eachother. “hey helen…” Dawn speaks for a moment, “i love you.” In reply, all Helen can do is laugh a little, as Dawn reaches a hand up to card her fingers through her hair. “You sure are forward, dear… I’m honestly surprised this didn’t happen sooner…”

“I think it had to come at just the right moment, girl. try not to worry too much about what could have been, because we have something now. a beautiful something.” Dawn takes in a deep breath, letting it out as a sigh; Helen can feel her lover’s warm air against herself.

“Hey, Dawn” Helen asks quietly. “yeah sis?” As Helen prepares to speak, she takes in a deep breath, then lets it back out, tracing her finger along Dawn’s spine. “Don’t be afraid to say so if we’re going too fast, okay?” Helen whispers, eliciting a laugh from Dawn. “girl, you don’t need to worry so much about me! trust me, it’s fine…” As Helen listens, she stares into the ceiling, not wanting to get up or do anything at all. “...It’s not even eleven, isn’t it? We should go wash ourselves off... “ “yeah, that sounds like a good idea, babe.”

###

Oh my god its FI NALLY DONE im so proud of this

