Thunderbolt and lightning very very frightening...

Author: largebio

*000*2018-02-04 14:19

My name is Jennifer and despite I'm already 16 years old, I'm still afraid thunderstorms. And boy did we have one last week.

It was a wednesday evening and I was doing some homework until 10 pm after which I decided it was time to sleep as I had to wake up at 6:30 the next morning.

I quickly fell asleep and woke up around 1 o'clock. The most terrible thunderstorm in the 16 years I've been on this planet. I took shelter under my blankets hoping it would pass soon.

It didn't, two hours later the storm was still raging. And I noticed something... I had to pee, quite badly actually. I never ever wake up in the middle of the night needing to pee. So why did I have to now, this night? When there's absolutely zero chance I'm leaving my bed? Then I realised I had gone straight to bed, no peeing before bedtime, which I normally do. I had just taken my shirt, jeans, socks and bra off and put on my pyjamas. Big mistake I realised by now. And I guess the fear caused by the storm made me not realise how bad I needed to go until now.

I crossed my legs tightly and did everything to put my mind off my need. I succeeded. For half an hour, when a really close thunder startled me. It nearly caused me to leak, but I quickly grabbed myself through my pants and knickers, barely succeeding to keep it all back.

I relaxed a bit and regained my composure, but at least one hand was now buried in my crotch at all times. I was praying for the storm to lie down, but if it didn't happen in the next 30 minutes I was gonna have a wet bed I reckoned.

But before even I finished that thought another bang, really close again. I leaked a little and burrying my other hand in my crotch as well I somehow managed to stop it. I think I leaked for about three seconds and I was definitely wet. I didn't dare remove either of my hands to see how wet though.

For the next fifteen minutes I leaked whenever I heard lightning strike. The wetness spread from my knickers down to my butt and I think even the bedding was a little wet by then.

But by no means had my desperation subsided, in fact I was shaking by now. And although deep inside I knew I was gonna wet my bed there was no way I would give up the fight. After all 16 year olds don't wet themselves anymore.

It lasted five more minutes, the storm was moving away from me, it not far enough to make me feel safe enough to get up and use the toilet. And then it just happened, another bang and - although originating from further away than earlier - it caused me to startle and start leaking again. I already had both my hands firmly buried in my crotch and my legs were double crossed. There was nothing more I could do, the leak turned into a stream, the hissing loud enough to be heard over the storm.

It felt like it lasted for ages, but it was probably closer to a minute. Tears were rolling down my cheeks as I was sobbing softly. I wanted to cry more loudly, but I was afraid my little brother would hear me cry. And I was afraid he would come in and check on me and find his older sister in her peed pyjamas and bed. So with all my might I managed to keep as quiet as possible.

So there I lay, in my soaked bed waiting for the storm to die down. Which finally happened over an hour later. I debated whether I should tell my parents, but I was too embarrassed. Then I wondered how I was ever gonna go back to sleep in my now cold bed.

Apparentely I was tired enough to fall back asleep, only to be woken up by my alarm. I inspected the wetness, the back om my pyjama pants were soaked and so were the sides. The lower back of my shirt was soaked too and there was a gigantic elongated wet spot on my bed. I'm guessing it must have been 20 cm wide and 80 cm long. And my knickers were drenched, not a single dry fibre was left.

I quickly grabbed some clothes and raced to the bathroom praying not to be seen by anyone whilst wearing my wet clothes. No one did, and I thoroughly but quickly - as to not raise suspision - showered.

I raced back to my room, removed the bedlinnen and quickly put on some new. Luckily my blanket was mostly dry so I decided to leave it be. I hid my wet clothes and bedsheets and started my day like any other.

It's now been five days and since I'm home alone for a couple of hours it's time to wash the dirty clothes and sheets. As far as I know, no one has found out about my accident, and I hope my family never will.

*002*2018-02-04 16:47

{{17 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was great

}}

Thank you!

*004*2018-02-04 21:07

Thanx!

*006*2018-02-06 21:10

{{9 minutes ago, hurts said:

You're an awesome writer, keep it up!

}}

Thanks!

