A small story I wrote for myself. A girl purposefully peeing herself in my bed.

Author: Lydia0

*000*2019-04-16 01:44

I wrote this without any intention of sharing it, but it was too good to keep to myself. The two characters, one of which is me, can look/be whoever you want them to be. Feel free to come up with the rest of the details yourself.

We were watching a movie before we went to sleep, and since we'd known each other for a while we were used to laying in bed together and sometimes sleeping together if we didn't want to get up

The nearest bathroom in my house is all the way upstairs (I'm in the basement) and across the house. I could tell she had to pee, especially since she'd drank a bunch of juice while we were watching, so of course she had to go. This night in particular we had some fun covering ourselves in a bunch of blankets, and building a little fort around the bed and tv, making it really hard to get out

In the 20 minutes leading up to it, I noticed she kept looking at me, almost like she wanted to tell me something. My bed is a twin, I haven't upgraded even though my room's a bit big, so we always are really close together, especially this time because of the blankets

She was still being fidgety for a while, and I noticed she eventually stopped wiggling completely, accompanied by her pushing herself against me in her nervousness. She turned her head just enough to look at me out of the corner of her eye. I looked back just for a second, noticing that she was blushing just a bit and she looked like she was about to see if she was going to die after taking a 50/50 chance lottery. I noticed that me looking caused her to blush a bit more, and look even more nervous

It was an almost completely silent part of the movie. It continued to be quiet for a minute, along with her lack of movement and looking at me I could tell she was about to do something. I heard a small "fshhh" coming from beside and particularly downwards from me. I could tell it was extremely close, and I could hear it in clear detail, but I still couldn't tell exactly what it was

This noise went on for about 10 seconds for so, and it felt like ages. My mind was about to come to a conclusion although I still didn't know for sure, but then she said something. In a really quiet tone, still looking at me and clearly wanting to look away, "Lydia. . . I'm, um . . . I think I'm peeing" It was here I realized what the sound was. It was the sound of her warm yellow pee hitting the inside of her almost fuzzy pajama shorts, forcing it's way through the soft fabric, and as it was getting progressively louder and more forceful, onto the bed

I looked back at her and felt my face getting a bit red. I still didn't say anything, and even if I did it would take me a minute to figure out what to say. She kept looking back at me, and she somehow looked even more in between unsure and nervous than before, wondering what my reaction would be.

I knew what I was inevitably going to feel something soon, but it still surprised me with how I felt it. That something was her warm pee making it's way to my thighs, beginning to soak my own longer pajama pants and my shirt. I had a feeling rush over me, and although you would usually think I might do something about it, I didn't. I didn't jump, squirm, or try to move at all, I stayed right where I was. I let her push herself against me involuntarily in nervousness, making her progressively emptying bladder just a little bit closer to me. I started to feel myself blush a little harder, along with her, but even with her clear uncertainty she didn't stop at all.

