Stuck at the office

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2020-07-23 16:09

I was working in the office late, trying to get some work finished before I went home. I had just finished the last email I had to send when I got a rather urgent signal from my bladder.

It was so urgent that I thought I was going to leak so I quickly grabbed my dick to stop it. Luckily I didn’t leak. But I thought back to when the last time I went to the bathroom was, I couldn’t remember, I had been so focused on work today, I didn’t get a chance to go to the bathroom.

Thinking quickly I shut my computer down and made my way out of my office, hoping to go straight to the bathroom.

Another spasm from my bladder and I was thinking I didn’t have much time left before I pissed myself. I couldn’t stand still.

I know there is a bathroom near to my office, so I quickly made my way there holding tightly onto my dick in hopes I didn’t start peeing before I got to the right place.

I saw the bathroom and my bladder gave an excited lurch, but then my heart plummeted because there was an out of order sign taped onto it, Shari g that it will be fixed in the morning before everyone got to work.

I thought “shit” what am I going to do there is no way I will make it back to my house as it is a 35 minute train journey with a 10 minute walk.

I was trying to think of other options, when I saw the ladies bathroom and thought, there is no one here and I was on the verge of pissing myself so I thought I could make the exception because it was either that or pissing all over the carpet and in my pants.

I hobbled over to the ladies bathroom and pushed the door, but it didn’t open, I quickly checked watch it was 9pm and all the office was closed and toilets locked.

I knew now that I just had to try and make it home because I won’t be able to find relief here.

I hurriedly got my stuff all the while clamping my dick in hopes it would ease the pressure and I wouldn’t piss my self. Luckily I hadn’t had any leaks but I knew it was only a matter of time.

But just as I was about to leave I leaked and not just a little leak a big one and I knew I definitely wouldn’t make it home if I was already leaking that much.

I looked around the office for where to pee. But came up empty.

I was in pain for trying to hold it and groaning out loud in an effort to hold the flood that was about to happen.

I wandered around the office looking for somewhere to pee but I couldn’t as I knew anywhere I did it would create a huge mess cause this was not going to quick and easy.

I thought about all I had to drink that day, lots of coffee to stay focused on my work and my bladder was not appreciating it.

I spurted in my pants again and this time it leaked down to my knee, I had a bout a minute before I fully disgraced myself by pissing my pants.

I then had a sudden thought the break room.

It had a sink in it, I know it’s not hygienic but it will have to do and it was better than all over the floor and my pants.

I quickly shuffled my way over to the break room and to my relief it was still open.

They must have forgot to lock it, they did that sometimes as they wasn’t much in here apart from a few cups and some food.

But I didn’t have long to think about it as I rushed over to the sink.

My bladder got excited and started to release itself with a slow trickle. I tried to clamp down to stop the flow long enough to get my dick out and point it into the sink but my bladder had other ideas.

I quickly tried to undo my zippe but with my hands wet it was harder than usual. I kept tugging all the while my bladder was starting to expel the liquid quicker and I thought god the relief to finally let go but I can’t keep pissing my pants.

I finally got the zipper undone and pulled out my still leaking dick just as the stream turned into a torrent and piss splashed everywhere trying to get out all at once.

I aimed at the sink and the sound of deafening but I didn’t care I was finally getting the relief I wanted. I moaned loudly thanking god that no one was here to see or hear my embarrassment of almost pissing myself, well partially pissing myself.

I felt like I was having an orgasm that wouldn’t end. The relief was incredible, I had never felt something like this before and thus the start of a very interesting journey of discovery about a piss kink.

