Tess & Jess - Page 2

Author: largebio

*027*2018-03-23 06:28

{{37 minutes ago, Bali said:

Great story!! Can't wait for the oncoming chapters!

}}

Thank you!

*028*2018-03-23 09:28

CHAPTER 7

The next day the girls are gonna hike in the beautiful nature of Elba. They both put on short shorts and a tank top, with a bikini underneath in case they stumble upon one of the islands beautiful secluded beaches. They fill their backpacks with plenty bottles of water - because of the scorching heat - and lunch and put on their hiking boots.

They find a beautiful, 10 km trail through hilly terrain along the rugged coast.

"Gonna take about four hours round trip", Jess says, reading the sign at the start of the trail.

After about an hour, they hit a beautiful secluded beach and Tess suggests to take a break and cool of in the sea.

"Yes, absolutely", Jess says, and they have a fifteen minute swim before drying of, putting their clothes back on and continuing their hike.

"We shouldn't have put white tops on. Our damp pink bikini tops are clearly visible", Jess laughs.

"I don't care", Tess laughs along.

After half an hour the girls arrive at the top of a cliff, overlooking the calm Mediterranean.

"Beautiful view here. Wanna stop here for lunch?", Jess asks.

"Ohhh. I'm starving", Tess replies.

They each unpack their lunch; two pieces of ciabatta, one with prosciutto, one with salami each along with some salad they bought at a nice little shop. And each gulps down a bottle of water, their second of the day.

"Ready to move on?", Tess asks around half an hour later.

"Almost. Have been needing to pee for the last hour, so if you'll excuse me...", Jess says.

"I kinda need to go to, let's go by that tree", Tess suggests pointing to the nearest tree.

The girls pull their shorts and bikini bottoms down and squat near the tree. They each pee for a good 20-25 seconds before shaking their butts to shake off the last drops, before pulling their clothes back up.

"That was naughty, anyone walking by could have seen our bare pussies", Jess laughs cheekily.

"Well, it's not like anyone besides us is out here hiking. But I guess you're right", Tess laughs.

The girls continue their hike, and another hour later arrive at another secluded beach.

"I could do with another swim", Jess says.

"Me too. And I have a suggestion", Tess says.

"And that is?"

"Well, you said that pee we took was naughty, let's do some naughtier".

"Like what?", Jess asks intrigued.

"Skinny dipping".

Jess looks somewhat stunned.

"Well, since were the only ones here, no-one can see us, can they?", Tess continues.

"Well, okay then", Jess says.

And so the girls remove all their clothes, exposing their beautiful boobs, butt and bald pussy to the world. The world being just the two of them right now.

After about ten minutes Jess says: "Wow this feel this. This whole beeing naked thing, so free".

"I know right", Tess says laughing.

The girls wade out of the water and sit down right by the water's edge, feeling the waves roll under their legs, and - ocassionally - under their bare butts.

"Shall we continue?", Jess aks five minutes later. "There's still like an hour and a half to go, and it's 4 o'clock already".

"Just a sec, I need to pee again", Tess says, spreading her legs a little wider. She then releases a 30 second pee, forming a small arch from her pussy to the wet sand underneath her.

At the same time, Jess stands up and spreads her legs and creates a 30 second long waterfall.

Both twins - laughing out loud - get a towel and dry themselves, before redressing and continuing their hike.

An hour and three quarters' later they arrive back at their car.

"Great hike", Tess says.

"Yeah, absolutely. Had great fun. But now I'm starving, let's go find a restaurant for some dinner", Jess says.

"Okay, but first... I need to pee again. I drank so much water".

"Yeah, me too".

And so the twins remove their shorts and bikini bottoms again, before forming a large puddle on the dry dirt of the parking lot.

TO BE CONTINUED

*030*2018-03-23 16:56

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a excellent chapter can't wait to read more of Tess and Jess's adventures

}}

Thanks!

*032*2018-03-26 13:09

CHAPTER 8

"After yesterday's hike, I would love to lay on the beach all day and do nothing at all", Tess says, eating breakfast the next morning.

"Same here", Jess says with a grin.

After breakfast the girls change into their pink bikinis and put a dress over it, and grab a whole bunch of food and drinks before heading to the hotel's private beach.

At the beach, the girls lay down their towel and Tess takes her dress of, revealing her bikini. She then turns around, facing her sister.

"Jess, what the hell!", she screams.

"Well, I told you. Skinny dipping yesterday felt so free. So I thought, why not go topless. It's common around here, plus I won't be having tan lines".

"So that's why you were grinning when I asked you if you wanted to go to the beach".

"Well, yeah. I've been thinking about it ever since yesterday", Jess says, grinning again. "So... Wanna join me?".

"Well.... I'm not sure. I...I mean, no-one ever saw my boobs, apart from you of course".

"Well, it's not like we know anyone around here. We're never ever gonna see those people again", Jess says, trying to convince her sister.

"Okay then. Why not, right?", Tess says, untying her bikini top.

For the next three hours the girls lay in the sun, eat their snacks and sip on their water, the latter quickly running out.

"Hey, I'm gonna go get some more drinks. You wanna stay here and watch our stuff?", Jess suggests.

"Okay", Tess says. Actually, she wanted to go inside too, as she really needs to pee. But she doesn't wanna leave their stuff unattended, so instead decides to stay.

Ten minutes later, the fullness of her bladder is getting too annoying, so she debates whether she should just run to the sea to quickly pee. But with her wallet in her bag, along with her - and her sister's - phone, she decides she can't.

Instead, she get's up to sit on her butt and shuffles her way down, far enough to ensure she isn't sitting on her towel anymore. She spreads her legs a little and releases her pee.

It quickly forms a wet spot on her crotch, and a small puddle on the dry sand. The puddle slowly disappears as the urine seeps through the sand.

She sighs with relieve.

"What are you doing?", she hears her twin say.

Instantly, shocked, she tries to stem the flow. Unsuccesfully.

"I..I really had to go, and I didn't wanna leave our stuff unattended", Tess says.

"Don't worry. It's not like it's the first time I see you peeing your clothes. Besides, most people pee in their bathing suits", Jess says.

"In the water, yeah", Tess says.

"Don't worry. Besides I need to go to", Jess says removing her dress exposing her boobs again. She then sits down to relieve herself just like her sister did.

The girls spend the rest of the day on the beach, before putting their dresses back on and walking towards the hotel restaurant.

Dinner goes by unveventful and the girls move on to the bar.

After about an hour, Jess suggests to go back to their room, which Tess agrees with.

While waiting for the lift to arrive Tess notices her sister shaking her legs. "You know the lobby has toilets too, right?", she says.

"I know, but I prefer our room's".

The lift arrives and the girls get in. At their floor they walk out and towards their room. Jess swipes her keycard, but the door isn't opening.

"Come on.... I need to pee", she says squirming and swiping her key again. And again. And again.

"Let's try mine", Tess says. But after three attempts the door still doesn't open.

"Okay, I'm gonna go downstairs to the reception. You wait here and keep yourself dry, okay?", Tess says.

"Just hurry, please", Jess says.

Tess races downstairs and to the reception, she explains the keys aren't working and asks if they can be reset.

"Sure, I just need some personal information to confirm your identity", the clerk says.

"Sure. No problem", Tess answers, legs crossed. She tried to hide her own predicament for her sister and the clerk, but the wine at dinner and in the bar is hitting her bladder.

"Last name?"

"Janssen".

"First name?".

"Tess".

"Adress".

"God, how many questions are there?", she thinks to herself while answering.

Meanwhile - back upstairs - Jess can't stand still and can hardly stop grabbing herself.

She hears voices and tries to compose herself, she manages just long enough for the people to walk by, but not without losing some spurts.

"Good thing I'm still wearing my bikini", she whispers to herself, "but Tess better hurries".

Two minutes later, she hears footsteps approaching and composes herself again, causing a three second spurt to escape, causing some drops to fall to the carpet below.

Then she sees it's her sister coming around the corner and immediately grabs herself again. "Thank god!", she screams.

Tess opens the door just as Jess loses another spurt. She tries to stop it but can't. She sprints into the bathroom, forming a small trail behind her.

She hikes her dress, sits herself down on the toilet and pees through her bikini. Once again not having fully made it.

She looks up to see her twin standing in front of her, hands in her crotch.

"I didn't know you had to go too", Jess says.

"I tried to hide it because you looked so much more desperate, but I leaked while in the lift going back upstairs", Tess answers while a waterfall forms from her crotch to the tiled floor. She quickly jumps onto the sink, with her dress hiked up.

"Deja vu", Jess laughs.

"Yeah. But at least no-one noticed", Tess sighs relieved.

TO BE CONTINUED

*034*2018-03-26 13:52

{{16 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a excellent chapter I'm really loving this story

}}

Thanks so much!

*037*2018-04-05 09:48

CHAPTER 9

The next day, it's time to head back to the mainland. A slightly less sunny day, so the twins decide to wear a T-shirt and jean shorts.

After breakfast the girls drive 45 minutes back to the boat, and board. Aboard they have lunch and soon are told to head beack to their car.

Half an hour later they drive off the ferry and head off towards Siena.

About halfway, the girls pull into a rest stop in order to switch drivers.

"I really need the loo", Tess says.

"Why didn't you go on the ferry then?", Jess asks, slightly annoyed.

"I wanted to, but then we had to go back to the car".

"Well, if it's any consolation, I kinda need to go to", Jess admits.

"Well, why didn't you go on the boat then?", Tess asks, also annoyed.

"Same reason as you, I guess. But let's see if this rest stop has a bathroom".

The girls scan around, but fail to spot a bathroom.

"Let's get going again, it's under an hour left. I'm sure we'll be fine", Jess says while sitting down behind the wheel.

The next half hour passes by slowly, especially for Tess, who's doing way worse than her sister.

"Please drive faster", she begs her sister.

"Already driving 10 km/h faster than allowed", Jess answers.

"Thanks", Tess says, wriggling in her seat.

Fifteen minutes later, Jess pulls into a large parking lot on the outskirts of the city. From there they'll have to take a shuttle bus, ten minutes, to the ancient city centre, where they booked a hotel room.

Squirming and wriggling, the twins grab their bags from the boot and walk towards the bus stop and queue up.

The first bus leaves, packed. The twins still waiting in line. Tess can't stand still, she's constantly bouncing from foot to foot. A wave hits her, making her double over and momentarily grab herself.

"Stop it!", Jess whispers, "people are staring at us".

"I don't care. It's either this or wetting my shorts. And wetting would be even more embarrassing", Tess whispers back. "Besides, you're drawing some attention too".

Indeed, Jess is now also struggling to stand still, just as another packed bus leaves.

"Hope we're gonna be on the next bus", Jess says.

"Me too", Tess says, again having to grab herself for a second.

Luckily for them, they fit in the next bus, but with all seats taken they'll have to stand. They put their bags on the floor and - both blushing bright red from embarrassment - hang on to one of the poles for balance.

Both are constantly shifting foot and as soon as the driver hits the throttle, Tess again grabs herself, this time she doesn't dare letting go. She tries looking down at the floor to avoid any eye contact, but the whispering and pointing around her says enough.

They hit a bump in the road, causing Tess to lose control for a second. She can feel wetness in her knickers, but is praying it's not visible.

Another bump, another leak.

And another bump, causing another leak.

"Uhhhmmm, Tess. I can see a tiny bit of wetness on your butt", Jess - who's now also grabbing herself - whispers.

"Every bump is causing me to leak a little, and there are many on this road. And we're only two minutes into the ten it's gonna take us", Tess says, feeling tears well up.

A bump-less minute later, the asphalt road turns into a cobbled road, causing the bus to constantly vibrate. This, in turn, causes Tess to lose control again. This time for five seconds, before being able to shut it off. She can feel droplets running down her thighs.

"I'm having an accident", she whispers to her twin, "I can't hold it back anymore".

Just then, another big bump in the road. And that's it, Tess' worn down pussy and bladder muscles just can't hold back the flood anymore, and for a solid minute a hiss is clearly audible, coming from her shorts. A waterfall falls down from it and a large puddle spreads around Jess' feet.

With a disgusted look on her face, the woman next to Tess swiftly picks up her own bag to avoid the 19 year old's piss to drench it.

In an attempt to calm her sister down, Jess wraps her free arm around her and whispers consolling words in her ear.

But the bumpiness of the road was already causing Jess to struggle as well, and the sound of her sister's accident has caused Jess to leak a little as well.

The last four minutes of the bus trip is spend with the twins hugging eachother and Jess losing two more spurts. By the time the bus reaches it's stop, she is sure the wetness has spread to be visible on her ass, as she can feel her knickers are very wet.

Quickly, the twins hop off the bus for their five minute walk towards their hotel. With every step she takes, Jess feels a drop of pee leaving her tired pussy. It doesn't take long until her shorts are quite wet. And at that moment a massive wave hits her, she bursts into tears and then loses all control. For over a minute she just pees and pees and pees.

Filled with embarrassment, the girls then walk on towards their hotel, where they proceed to check in, in drenched shorts.

"That must have been the most embarrassing half hour of our lives", Tess says after entering their room.

"I know, the whole city now knows were two 19 yer old pissy pants", Jess says, before the twins jump in the shower to clean up.

TO BE CONTINUED

*039*2018-04-05 13:31

{{4 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I feel bad for the girls though

}}

Thanks!

*041*2018-04-10 09:00

CHAPTER 10

The sun is back out and the girls are gonna walk around the old town centre of Siena. They opt to wear a white dress, with open sides - exposing much of their black bras - that is just long enough to cover their ass, covered in black knickers.

After breakfast the twins head for the Campo, where they'll be climbing the Torre del Mangia. A tough climb in the scorching heat, and by the time they are back on level ground again, each has finished two bottles of water.

They proceed to visit the cathedral, before having lunch.

"I'm gonna have to use the bathroom", Jess says, just after a waiter seated them.

"Me too, it's so hot I've finished three bottles of water this morning", Tess says.

"So have I. It must be over 40 degrees today".

Jess goes first, while Tess watches their bags. And three minutes later - when she returns - it's Jess' turn to relieve herself.

They order food, which is quite slow to come out, so by the time the girls leave the restaurant, each has had 3 glasses of coke and two of water.

Afterwards, the twins continue their sightseeing, and - over a period of two hours - finish yet another bottle of water each.

"I could really do with a bathroom break", Tess says.

"Me too. I've been looking for a public bathroom the last fifteen minutes, but haven't seen one yet", Jess says.

The next half hour the twins continue walking, but now focussing on finding some place to pee, all while slowly sipping more water.

"If we don't find a place to wee soon, I'm gonna have another accident", Tess says, looking very worried.

"No, that's not gonna happen again. At least not in public!", Jess says, looking equally worried.

Walking normally is getting increasingly harder for the twins, and fifteen minutes later, Jess suddenly stops.

"What's up? You leaked", Tess asks.

"Yeah, just a little though", Jess says, blushing.

"I leaked a couple of minutes ago as well. So let's hurry".

"There's a little park there", Jess says pointing towards the park, "maybe they'll have a bathroom there".

"Hopefully", Tess answers.

The twins walk through the park, but after five minutes conclude there is no bathroom there either.

"We'll need to think of a plan B, or we'll surely wet ourselves", Tess says, "I've spurted a couple times more".

"Me too", Jess admits, "but I think I see a plan B. See that wooden bench hidden behind that tree?"

"Well yeah Jess, but what's that gotta do with it?", Tess asks.

"We're gonna sit on it, hike our dresses, so we don't sit on it and relieve ourselves".

"Well, I don't see another option. So okay, I guess", Tess says.

And thus, the girls do as Jess suggested and quicky two puddles form under the bench. Soon, the puddles merge before slowly seeping sown the dry soil beneath them.

"That was close", Jess says.

"Very. But also very relieving", Tess says with a smile on her face.

The girls quickly get up to continue their tour around the city, forgetting just one little detail. Their dresses cling to their wet knickers at their butts.

"This is uncomfortable", Jess says, pulling her dress away from her butt.

"Yeah, guess we forgot about that", Tess says, while reaching under her dress.

"What are you doing?", Jess asks, stunned.

"Well, if we keep our knickers on, our dresses will get wet, and everybody will now we wet ourselves, again. So I don't know about you, but I'm going commando".

Realising her sister is right, Jess follows her lead and gets a plastic bag from her rucksack: "Put your knickers in here, so our rucksacks won't get wet either".

And hence, the twins continue their way commando, wearing dresses just long enough to cober their now naked pussies.

TO BE CONTINUED

*043*2018-04-10 12:20

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent chapter

}}

Thanks very much!

*045*2018-04-13 09:05

CHAPTER 11

The next morning the girls take the bus back down to their car before departing for Florence. They decide to take the touristic route via Arezzo and over the deserted - and sometimes unpaved - roads of the Chianti region.

After an hour's drive they arrive in Arezzo, where they walk around the city centre for about an hour before heading off again.

Anothe two hours later they arrive in the tiny village of Radda in Chianti, a typical Tuscan village on top of a steep hill. Here they spot a tratoria, where they decide to have lunch. During their hour and a half lunch they drink plenty of water, and then hit the road again, with Jess behind the wheel.

The next two hours the girls just drive to nowhere in particular. They just admire the hilly landscape, filled with endless vineyards and dotted with the tiniest hill-top villages.

"Can you pull over in the next village, please?", Tess asks, "I kinda have to pee. Well kinda urgently, actually".

"You're not the only one", Jess admits.

Soon, Jess spots a village and turns onto the steep road towards it.

"Don't think they have a public restroom here", Tess says.

"Not even a restaurant or something either. Let's try the next village", Jess adds, worried about how far away the next village is.

"Okay, but drive fast, please", Tess begs.

They drive on, but soon enough the paved road turns into sterrati - unpaved, white gravel roads. And this particular section is filled with potholes and bumps. And - more importantly - dust flies around, forcing Jess to reduce speed significantly.

"This way it's gonna take forever to find another village", Tess whines.

"You never know, can't see through all these vines. There could be one just around the corner", Jess says, trying to calm her sister down.

"Hopefully", Tess says, just as they hit a massive pothole.

Maybe now is the time to tell what the twins are wearing. Both opted for light grey fabric sport shorts, the very short ones that you'll see joggers wear. Being so accident prone lately,they were running out of underwear, so they decided not to wear any knickers. Instead they just wear a pink tank tops and a white bra. No shoes, just flip-flops.

"Fuck! I lost some", Tess screams, grabbing herself with both hands instantly. She then slowly removes them, revealing a coin-sized wet spot on her shorts.

"I think I did too", Jess admits. Being behind the wheel, she was unable to grab herself. Thus, her wet spot is slightly larger, about the size of a golf ball.

"If we don't find somewhere to pee within the next five minutes, the car is gonna have a real soaking once again", Tess says as she feels another drop escape.

"I got a better idea", Jess says while hitting the brake, "there hasn't been anyone passing us ever since we got on this road ten minutes ago. Let's just go right here".

"You're right. And it's a lot better than flooding the seats", Tess says while swinging open her door.

But now comes the hardest part, getting up without leaking more. Tess is failing miserably, now that she has decided to relieve her aching bladder, her muscles just plain fail her. A small wet spot forms on the seat, followed by a streak of wetness out of the car, onto the road, leading towards the puddle that is forming below her. She pess for about 90 seconds before her stream dies down.

"Thank god I was wearing flip-flops, or my shoes would have been ruined", she thinks to herself.

On the other side of the car, Jess isn't doing much better of a job, she has managed to get out of the car without leaking, but she also lost control before being able to pull down her shorts. Defeated, she too pisses for 90 seconds, straight through them.

"Guess, we'll have to change again", she says just as her stream comes to a hold.

"Definitely", Tess replies. "Wait what's that?", she asks.

"An engine? Quick, open the door behind you!", Jess screams.

The girls hide behind the door, pretending to look at a map or something.

"Think the person in that car noticed?", Tess asks.

"Well, I did leave a massive puddle in the middle of the road, but I don't think he'd be able to see our faces", Jess answers shamefully.

"Guess we're okay then", Tess says, "let's get changed".

The girls proceed to take off their drenched shorts before drying themselves off with a towel. They then put on some dry shorts, denim this time, before setting the sat-nav straight towards their Florence hotel, where - upon arriving - they hit the shower to properly clean themselves.

TO BE CONTINUED

*047*2018-04-13 17:14

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This story is getting to be so good

}}

Thanks!

*049*2018-04-15 12:40

CHAPTER 12

The next day the twins are going on a sightseeing walk through Florence, along most of the famous sites.

The morning goes by uneventful and the twins use the bathroom in the restaurant where they have lunch. The afternoon is also quite uneventful and around 5 they decide to go back to their hotel to change, before going back out for dinner.

"This is the first day we didn't wet ourselves", Tess says, while in the lift up to their room.

"I'm proud of us", Jess jokes, much to Tess' amusement.

But then the lights in the lift go out and then the lift comes to a halt, but the doors don't open.

"No...no way, we're stuck in here?!", Tess exclaims.

"Guess you just jinxed our luck", Jess says, "try the alarm".

Tess presses the alarm, but nothing seems to be happening. "It doesn't seem to be working", she says.

"I'll try my phone", Jess says, reaching for her rucksack. "No reception", she says about half a minute later, sounding very disappointed.

"Just as I was thinking we were gonna stay dry, I really need to pee", Tess says, squirming.

"Yeah, me too", Jess adds, "keep trying the alarm".

But fifteen minutes later, it still seems unresponsive. Out of despair, Jess starts banging on the doors and screaming for help.

"I don't think anyone will hear us", Tess says.

"What other options do we have?".

"I hope someone by now noticed the lift isn't working, so they'll hopefully send a repairman", Tess says.

"Who'll come in Italian fashion, slow and late", Jess says, now with one hand under her dress, squeezing her pussy through her knickers.

"Let's just hope for the best", Tess says while squirming.

Five minutes go by, turning to ten, and fifteen. By now both girls have both their hands under their dresses, tightly grabbing themselves.

"Ssssht, hear that?", Jess says another five minutes later, and now doing a full on pee-pee dance.

"Yes, it's like someone's on the other side of the door", Tess answers, also pee-pee dancing.

"Fuck, I leaked. They better hurry", Jess says, starting to blush.

Two minutes later the lift starts moving again, only for a couple seconds though as soon the lift comes to a stop and the doors open.

"Thank god", the sisters sigh together.

For a second they just stare at the repairman, who can't help but stare at the twins, who still have their hands buried in their crotch.

"Grazie. Mille grazie", the girls stammer in their best Italian. The repairman just nodds.

The girls quickly glance around, noticing their two floors below theirs. They hurry towards the staircase. After the steps, though, Jess doubles over.

"I peed for three seconds there", she admits to her sister.

"I leaked some too. Let's hurry!", Tess screams.

They open the door towards the hallway, but that is where their dams - almost simultaneously - break.

Two small streaks run from the door towards their room, having run through their fingers onto the floor.

It takes Tess ten seconds to open the door, causing a puddle to form in front of it. Then, the twins rush into their room, quickly closing the door behind them, before opening the bathroom door. They rush past the toilet, straight into the large shower, where they finally remove their hands and relax.

The flow increases and for a minute they just pee.

"Sorry, I jinxed it sis", Tess says.

"Don't worry. Now let's get cleaned up and go fordinner", Jess says, removing her clothes.

"Sounds like a plan", Tess says, following her sister's lead.

TO BE CONTINUED

$$

