Barbara's wetting experiences - Page 2

Author: largebio

*025*2017-03-30 09:13

Chapter 12 is based on my favourite lovewetting.com video. Chapter 13 is the final part of the huge holiday chapter. Enjoy!

CHAPTER 12

When the game of monopoly had ended, the downpour outside still hadn’t. They had lunch and are now on to a game of twister.

“Left hand on blue, Barbara”, Sienna says being the spinner this round.

Barbara does as she’s ordered and now it’s Nina’s turn.

“Right foot on yellow”.

Nina moves her foot: “Can we stop for a bathroom break, I kinda need to pee again”.

“No, unless you wanna lose”, Barbara tells her fidgeting herself.

“You need to go too?”, Nina asks seeing Barbara fidgeting.

Barbara nods.

“Well that makes three of us”, Alexis adds.

Three rounds later Barbara has her left foot on red and her right foot on green, so her legs are spread to the max. She is ordered to put her left hand on red as well. But fidgeting she almost falls over: “Oh, god! I need to go so bad. I need to grab myself”.

“Don’t, or you lose”, Nina bugs her.

Not wanting to lose, Barbara tightens her whole body to prevent leakage and succeeds.

“Nina, left foot on yellow”.

Nina does as instructed, but as she puts her hand down she hears a splatter.

“Oh fuck! Oh no!”, Barbara screams. She manages to stop the leakage after a couple of seconds. “I’m fine again”, she then says.

“Alexis, left foot on blue”.

Alexis happily does so as her right foot is on yellow it allows her to press her thighs together.

“Barbara, left hand on blue”.

This forces Barbara to lean over in such a way it puts more pressure on her bladder. Too much pressure that is and she loses control again.

“Oh no! I can’t stop it”, she exclaims feeling the trickle turn into a stream. “Fuck!” She then decides trying to stop the flow won’t work and pees her heart out until her bladder’s empty.

“Hey, that’s gross, it’s making my hand and feet wet!” Nina says.

“Well you can always step off the mat, but that does mean you lose”, Barbara responds now fully relieved.

“No way!”

“Nina, right foot on blue”.

Nina lifts up her right leg and puts it down, but the now wet mat has become slippery and Nina slips and falls on her bum.

“Guess you lose”, Alexis laughs, “good thing you have a nice round ass though. Helps softening the fall”.

It indeed has, but the impact on the ground has caused her to lose control of her bladder and Nina is now full on pissing.

“Awww, my little sis couldn’t hold it again”, Alexis laughs.

Defeated, Nina gets up and steps off the mat. All while still peeing.

“Wow, all this peeing is making me desperate too”, Sienna says. She spreads her legs a little and relaxes. Her pee starts flowing out while she spins again. “Alexis, left foot on blue”.

“It already is”, Alexis smiles.

“Barbara, right foot on yellow”, Sienna says while her stream has turned into a small trickle.

“Aye aye, ma’am”, she says.

Another five turns each later the game is still undecided. “Alexis, right hand on green”.

Alexis does as she is ordered, but a second after she put her hand down a wave of desperation hits her. She starts tapping her right foot heavily.

“Barbara, left foot on green”.

Barbara does so with Alexis still tapping her foot, now faster and faster.

“Alexis, right foot on green as well”. Now having to stop tapping to move her foot, she feels her pee running down her urethra. Instinctively, she grabs her pussy with her right hand, but Barbara notices.

“Ha, your hand is off, I win”, she says.

Nina and Sienna nod in agreement.

Meanwhile, grabbing herself was to no avail and Alexis is now also peeing.

“Guess my big sis couldn’t hold it again”, Nina says mimicking Alexis from earlier.

“At least I held it the longest”, Alexis replies with a sigh of relief.

It take a minute for her to finish: “Hey, we’re not the only ones who stopped pissing, God did as well”, she says pointing out the window.

Finally, the rain outside has stopped and even the sun can be vaguely seen through the clouds.

“Let’s get this mess cleaned up and then go outside, where we can pee without having to clean up”, Barbara laughs.

CHAPTER 13

Their third night in the villa the girls again peed their beds, the next morning the weather was beautiful again, putting the girls in a good mood.

“Today’s another beach day I guess?”, Nina asks while the girls are cleaning up after breakfast. The three others immediately agree.

“I’m not gonna bother taking a shower, I’ll just swim for a bit”, Nina says. The others agree and they head outside.

The second they’re outside Alexis starts peeing while still walking towards the beach. “Sorry ‘bout that, it’s pretty urgent”, she laughs.

The rest of the day is spent on the beach or in the sea, the girls peeing whenever they fancy. They only go inside to make lunch and dinner and go to bed.

The final three days are also spent like this and every night all four girls wet their beds.

The last evening the girls thoroughly clean the villa, especially their bedrooms and when finished head back outside.

“You know, now that our bedrooms are clean, we can’t really pee there anymore, can we?”, Sienna says.

“You’re right, so why don’t we sleep on the beach?”, Barbara suggests. They all agree.

The next morning the girls shower, eat breakfast and for the first time in a week put on some clothes. Then they put their suitcases in the van and start their long journey back to the Netherlands.

Barely an hour into the trip Barbara feels a familiar twinge in her bladder: “Can we pull over soon, I need to pee.”

“Already?”, Nina, who’s driving, asks.

“Well, peeing whenever I felt the slightest urge the last four days hasn’t helped my holding ability”, Barbara replies.

“Same here”, Alexis adds.

Half an hour later there’s still no rest stop in sight.

“Oh my god, I need to go so bad!”, Barbara screams, grabbing herself with two hands. “I can’t wet my father’s car”.

“That sign says there’s a rest stop in five kilometres”, Nina says, “you can hold for another couple minutes, can you?”

“I hope so”.

Three minutes later Nina parks the car and Barbara jumps out. With two hands still firmly pressed against her girlhood she waddles over to the bathroom building. She tries to open the door to the women’s toilet, but it’s locked.

“Une minute, s’il vous plait”, she hears a woman say from the other side of the door.

But a minute will be too long, Barbara hikes her skirt and pulls down her panties. She pops to a squat and releases a torrent of piss even before she is well positioned getting her underwear wet.

“Oh my lord”, Alexis says coming around the corner with a hand up her crotch herself.

“I couldn’t wait a second longer and it’s occupied”.

Thirty seconds later the French woman appears from the bathroom, weirdly glancing over at Barbara and Alexis. The latter quickly moving into the bathroom.

By now Sienna and Nina have also made their way to the bathroom.

“Couldn’t make it?”, Nina asks.

“No, there was a woman in there, but at least my skirt’s dry”, Barbara says as she is taking off her panties, “I’ll go commando the rest of the way”.

Alexis emerges from the toilet and says: “it’s a typical hole-in-the-ground”.

“At least that means we can share”, Nina says to Sienna and they both make their way into the toilet.

“Kept your underwear dry”, Barbara asks Alexis.

“Barely, but yes, completely dry”.

Not much later Sienna and Nina reappear from the bathroom and not being as desperate as the other two they managed to keep their undergarments dry easily.

“From now on, let’s stop every hour so we keep the car dry”, Barbara says.

And so it goes, the girls stop and relieve themselves every time. But in France they have dozens of rest stops, in Belgium not so much. And when they are on the Brussels ring road they hit traffic. An accident has happened five kilometres up the road and the traffic is being diverted over the shoulder. It takes the girls two hours to complete the five kilometre stretch.

“Thank god we’re past that”, Nina says, “now let’s stop at the nearest stop”.

But an hour later the girls have not past one yet and all four of them, including driver Barbara are fidgeting in their seats.

“We need to pull over somewhere”, Barbara says, “I can’t focus on driving right now. I’m taking the next exit and we’ll look for a toilet in the first village we reach.”

“Yes please”, Nina says bouncing in her seat.

As promised Barbara takes the exit they reach ten kilometres further: “Next town is fifteen kilometres from here”.

Nina, Alexis and Sienna have once again resorted to holding themselves with both their hands.

“Oh my god I need to go so bad”, Nina says.

“Stop whining, I have to hold without my hands”, Barbara says slightly annoyed. “Oh no, oh no, oh no”.

“What’s it?”, Sienna asks.

“I lost some. I can’t hold it anymore, oh no, I can’t wet my father’s seat”.

“Hissss”.

“Oh fuck, I’m peeing, I can’t hold back”, Barbara starts crying.

She sees a bus stop located next to a side road a pulls over, but the damage is done. A waterfall is cascading down the driver’s seat and Barbara is crying.

“My dad’s gonna kill me”.

Nina seeing that she won’t hold until they reach the village opens the passenger door and hikes her skirt and starts peeing through her undies. Sienna and Alexis soon follow her lead. All three of them take off their wet panties when they’re done but are relieved they managed to keep their seats and skirts dry.

Then Nina heads over to her best friend who shyly climbed ou of the car. “Come on Barbi, remember what you told me when I had those night time accidents?”

“Accidents?”, Alexis interrupts her, “as in more than one?”

“Yeah I wet Barbara’s bed last month, but that doesn’t matter now, does it” Nina angrily replies. “Accidents happen”, she then tells Barbara soothingly, “accidents happen Barbi”.

“Well yeah, but you didn’t ruin your dad’s car, did you? He’s gonna kill me”.

“Hey accidents happen okay. I’ll put a towel on it, drive the last stretch and then when we’re home we’ll wash it with some water. Your pee was so clear it will hardly smell. It’s gonna be fine. Trust me”.

Nina drives the last hour and a half until they reach Barbara’s home where they will all sleep tonight. They unpack the car and clean the driver’s seat.

“You see, no smell at all”, Nina says to a still shocked Barbara.

TO BE CONTINUED

*027*2017-03-30 14:58

{{1 hour ago, Ktpq said:

Amazing chapters and nice cliffhanger cant wait for the rest

}}

Thanks!

*028*2017-03-31 11:15

The girl's first night back in Holland. Enjoy!

CHAPTER 14

The girls are very tired from the overnight drive and head off to bed early. Nina and Alexis share Barbara’s double bed, while Sienna put an air mattress in the living room next to the couch where Barbara’s sleeping.

It’s a couple hours past midnight when Nina wakes up, she feels her bladder’s very full again and relaxes her muscles. She pees for nearly a minute and quickly dozes off again.

At the same time, Barbara’s having a dream about their drive back home. This time she’s not wearing a skirt but light grey leggings. She is driving on the same road as where she wet herself, bouncing in her seat barely able to keep the van under control. A spurt escapes forming a wet spot on her leggings.

“Looks like you’re wetting yourself”, Nina tells her.

“Just one spurt… I’ll be fine”.

But right when she says so, she feels another spurt escape. Followed by a slow stream. After five seconds she manages to stop it. The she spots it: A bathroom, right in the middle of nowhere.

“I’m going first”, she announces, pulling up right next to the door.

She walks in and screams: “You’re in luck girls, it’s four stalls”.

Another spurt escapes and being in a hurry she doesn’t bother closing the stall door, pulls down her leggings and underwear and starts peeing before she is seated, getting the seat wet.

“Finally”, she says with a sigh of relief.

Here dream ends there.

In the bedroom, Alexis is having a similar dream. The girls have just taken the exit and are driving the country road. All four girls are dying for a pee, but Alexis herself seems to be in the worst position.

She is grabbing herself with both hands, but to no avail. Pee comes out of here tired pussy, not just a spurt but an entire waterfall right from the very get go for an entire minute. But she feels absolutely no relief.

“See that bus stop there?”, she points out the window, “stop there so I can finish my pee there”.

Barbara does as asked and Alexis gets out, hikes her skirt and continues peeing through her already wet panties. Again, no relief.

Then she shoots awake, realising she’s not on holiday anymore but in Barbara’s bed, she feels the bedding around her.

“Pfeew, it’s dry”, she thinks to herself.

She gets up and with both hands grabbing her bare pussy, she runs to the bathroom. She positions herself on the toilet and releases her flow. Finally she feels the relief she didn’t feel in her dream.

When she returns to the bedroom she smells a faint hint of pee. She decides to re-inspect the bedding and indeed it’s dry.

“Hmmm, weird”, she thinks, but when she looks over to her sister, she realises where the smell is coming from: “Nin, Nin, wake up you wet Barbi’s bed”.

Half waking up, Nina says: “Yeah, I know, I did it on purpose, just like you”.

“Just like me? We’re not in France anymore!”

“Oh fuck!”, Nina screams now wide awake, “I forgot. I..I.. woke up with an ur…urge to pee, so I let loose. Oh god, how am I gonna explain this to Barbi?”

“Well, if I understand correctly this isn’t the first time you wet her bed”.

“Yeah, but that was an accident, I was drunk and dreaming”.

“Maybe she’ll understand”.

“I hope so, but now I wanna sleep, I’ll tell her in the morning”.

A couple hours later Barbara wakes up, it isn’t long until she realises she wet while sleeping.

“What am I, a baby? That’s my third accident in 24 hours”, she thinks to herself.

She heads to her bathroom to grab some towels to clean the mess. She dries the couch, but the commotion is enough to wake Sienna.

“What’s up?”, she asks.

“I had a pee dream”, Barbara replies.

“Oh I see”, Sienna says as she gets up. “I’m gonna use the bathroom real quick, or there’ll be another puddle to clean up”.

Sienna quickly walks to the bathroom and pees. Barbara follows her and quickly takes a shower, she then walks to her bedroom to get some clothes to put on.

“Why does it smell like pee?”, she asks the sisters who were awoken by the sound of the shower.

“Well, you see, I woke up in the middle of the night, and I didn’t realise we weren’t on holiday any…”, Nina answers.

“I get it, you just let loose. It’s okay. You’re not the only one who woke up with a wet bum”, Barbara interrupts her. “Go take a shower, I’ll clean the bed”.

“Looks like we’re the only two grown-ups who know how to use a toilet”, Alexis smiles to Sienna who just entered the bedroom as well.

TO BE CONTINUED

*031*2017-04-06 10:19

Here's another two chapters for you guys. Please enjoy!

CHAPTER 15

The girls cleaned their mess and had breakfast.

“Allright, girls let’s get you home”, Barbara says.

The girls put their suitcases back in the van and drive to Sienna’s home, Alexis and Nina are next.

“Bye girls!”, Barbara waves as the sister enter their shared house.

Then Barbara drives of to her parent’s house. “I hope they can’t smell the pee, there’s no stain, but the smell, I’m not sure about it”, she mumbles to herself.

She parks the car, gets out and rings the doorbell. Her mum answers.

“Hey sweety, come in. Tell us about your holiday”.

Barbara tells about her holiday for about fifteen minutes and conveniently forgets to tell about the girls’ peeing experiences.

“All right, sounds you four had an amazing time”, her father concludes. “Your mom and I need to get some groceries, shall we drop you off at your place?”

“Yes, please”, she says. They make their way to the van with Barbara doing everything she can to hide her nervousness.

Her father inspects the car: “Seems like you didn’t have an accident”.

Barbara nervously smiles stating she and her friends are excellent drivers.

Then her father crawls behind the wheel, while her mother sits down on the passenger seat.

Her father looks down at the driver’s seat.

“Oh, no”, Barbara thinks to herself.

Then her father readjusts the seat, much to Barbara’s relief.

Her parents drop her off, and Barbara enters her house. The first thing she does is texting her friends that her parents had no idea about the wetting, or at least didn’t mention it.

A week has gone by and Barbara is sitting on her couch watching TV, the Dutch summer has kicked in and the weather is dreadful. She hears sirens in the distance. Then she hears sirens come closer, then they stop.

She gets up and looks out her window, it’s the fire department, but there’s no fire. On the contrary.

“Ding dong”

Barbara answers the door: “Hello ma’am”, a young police officer says, “as you can see the water main’s burst”.

Barbara looks over the officer’s shoulder noticing the entire street is flooded.

“This means you can’t use anything that requires water”.

“Including the toilet?”

“Including the toilet”.

“Ok, thanks”. She closes the door and is slightly worried, she had felt a slight urge to pee the last hour, but being lazy she decided to ignore it.

Three hours go by, her urge has increased and Barbara’s now fidgeting every now and then.

“Ding dong”

It’s the same officer again: “I’m sorry to tell you ma’am, but it’s gonna be four more hours until you’ll have access to water again”.

“Ok, that’s fine”, Barbara answers. She closes the door and immediately starts squirming. Getting up hasn’t helped her urge. “Oh god, how am I gonna hold it four more hours?”, she asks herself out loud.

The next hour goes by squirming, and now she’s firmly grabbing herself. “Oh god, three more hours, no way I’m gonna make it”.

Desperate for relief she thinks of a place where she can relieve herself. “Sink? No, I can’t rinse it out. Garden? Not in this rain. Bucket? Yeah, that sounds all right”.

Relieved she found a solution, she makes her way upstairs towards her spare room, where she keeps her bucket. But every step or two, she has to stop and grab herself tightly to prevent leakage.

Finally she makes it to the top of the stairs. She has both hands firmly on the crotch of her jeans making her way over to the door. She removes one hand to open the door.

“Shit!”, she exclaims as a first spurt leaves her. She debates grabbing herself with both hands again or just moving forward, but quickly decides just moving forward will do least damage.

She opens the door and walks in, another spurt. Two more steps and yet another spurt, this one being three seconds long. A saucer sized wet spot is visible on her tight jeans.

“Fuck, why do I keep my bucket on the top shelf?”

She fully stretches her free arm and stands on her toes. But it’s too much, another spurt escapes, turning into a trickle. Instinctively, she puts her free hand back on her crotch, but it’s too late.

There she stands, totally wetting her jeans like there’s no tomorrow.

A minute later she finishes.

“Ding dong”

“Oh god, not now”, she thinks.

Shyly, she opens the door just poking her head around the door. A good looking twenty-something guy stands in front of her.

“Hello, ma’am. I’m with the water company. We managed to fix the leak early, can I come in to check you have water again?”

Barbara turns bright red from pure shame. “Yeah sure”, is all she manages to say.

Barbara opens the door a little further, still hiding her lower body behind it and points towards the kitchen. The guy walks into the kitchen and turns on the tap.

“Seems like all’s working just fine again. You can also use the toilet again, a lot of your neighbours were close to bursting. Pun in….”, he stops talking as he turns around now facing Barbara.

“Oh, sorry ma’am. I didn’t know that…. You know. Is there anything I can do for you?”

“No, thanks”.

“Okay, I’ll go then”.

As soon as she hears the door close, she walks to her bathroom, now crying, and strips her wet jeans. She puts them, along with her panties, in the washing machine and jumps in the shower.

“I can’t believe myself. That was the hottest guy I’ve seen in ages and he’s seen me in my peed jeans. He’s gonna think I’m a baby”, is all she can think about while in the shower.

CHAPTER 16

The next day Nina decides to visit her best friend. Not having seen each other in over a week Nina brings up Barbara’s accident in the car.

“Thank god your dad didn’t find out”, Nina says happily.

“Yeah”, Barbara says softly.

“What’s up? You don’t look your happy self today”.

“Well, you know yesterday, when the water pipe burst? I…I peed myself”.

“Well, that’s not such a big deal is it? I mean you couldn’t use the toilet, could you?”

“That’s not it”, Barbara says and she starts telling about how she peed herself. But when she gets to the point where the guy rang the doorbell, she hesitates.

“I got the feeling you haven’t told everything just yet”, Nina says comfortingly.

“Well, I answered the door, and it was the cutest guy you’ve ever seen. I hid my lower body behind the door but he needed to come in. He was with the water company and he needed to see whether my water was running again. And that’s when he saw my wet jeans.”

“Yeah, but he understood, right? I mean you did have an excuse, didn’t you?”

“Well, yeah, but he was like so cute, I would have asked him out right there and the if only my jeans had been dry”, Barbara says nearly crying again from the embarrassment.

“Well, maybe not. If he’s understanding”.

Then Barbara’s phone rings.

“Hello, this is Barbara speaking”.

“Hello, it’s Peter Janssens. I’m with the water company, I’m calling to check if the water’s still running”.

“Yes, it is”.

“Okay, thanks. And I’m so so sorry, we couldn’t fix it in time for you know…”

“It’s all right”.

“Actually, I have a question. It’s rather embarrassing”.

“Well, okay, go ahead”.

“I was thinking, maybe… You might like if you want…. You wanna go out with me this Friday?”

“Are you serious?”

“Well, yeah sorry I over….”

“Don’t be sorry, of course I want”, Barbara says now extremely happy.

“Okay I’ll pick you up at 18:30, okay?”

“Okay. Bye.”

“Bye”.

“What was that about? You were about to cry, and now you look like the happiest girl alive.”

“It was that guy, he asked me out”.

“See, you didn’t ruin your chances, he like you”.

“Guess he does!” Barbara heads over to her fridge and pulls out two beers. “Let’s celebrate”.

The girls opened their beers: “Cheers”.

“I have a confession to make. You’re not the only one in this room who wet herself last week”.

“Do tell”.

“So it was two days ago, I woke up around nine. Alexis was in the bathroom and for some reason she locked the door. Guess she wanted some privacy while she was… You know… Playing with herself,” Nina laughs.

“Haha”, Barbara laughs out loud.

“So, I knocked on the door. She said she couldn’t open ‘cause she was showering. I explained I was bursting and had already leaked a tiny spurt onto the floor. But still she wouldn’t open. I begged and I begged and finally she opened the door. But it was too late. I couldn’t hold any longer. I was a meter away from the toilet when it just poured into my hands. I quickly sat down on the toilet, but the bathroom was a mess already. She laughed, I was embarrassed.”

“Well, it wasn’t nearly as bad as my wetting”.

“I know, but Alex won’t stop teasing me about it”.

TO BE CONTINUED

*033*2017-04-06 13:53

{{28 minutes ago, Ktpq said:

Good chapters can not wait for more

}}

Thanks. More is definitely comming

*035*2017-04-11 11:43

Not how I would react if this happened on a first date, but here you go...

CHAPTER 17

Friday has come, and Barbara is getting ready for her date with Peter. It’18:15 and Barbara is about to use the bathroom when the doorbell rings.

“Hi”, Barbara smiles shyly.

“Hi”, Peter replies, “ready to go?”

Barbara thinks about using the toilet, but not wanting to leave Peter waiting she decides not to.

They go to a nice little restaurant where they immediately start drinking water. Barbara orders a glass of wine, while Peter orders a beer.

“What are you having”, he asks.

“I think I’ll go with the burger. You?”

“I was thinking the same”, he smiles, “seems like we have a lot in common”.

They have a chat while sipping their drinks awaiting their food. Barbara is now starting to feel forfeiting on using the toilet. When their food arrives she is getting quite full, but not so full she has to fidget. The date is going so well, she doesn’t wanna get up to go pee.

When their burgers are finished Peter suggests going to the movies.

“Sure, sounds fun”.

“Beauty and the Beast starts in half an hour, if we hurry we can make it”, he says.

“Okay”, Barbara says, knowing that hurrying means she has no time to pee. “Hope I can use the cinema’s toilets before the film starts”, she thinks to herself.

They buy tickets and head to the second floor, where the film will be shown.

“Before we go in, I’m quickly gonna pee”, Peter says.

“I need to go too”.

There’s no line to the men’s room, but the queue for the ladies’ seems to be endless.

“I’ll wait till after the film. The queue’s too long. We’ll miss the beginning”, Barbara says. But in truth she has no idea if she can hold it another two and a half hours.

About an hour into the movie, during a romantic scene, Peter leans in for their first kiss, happily answered by Barbara. But simultaneously, a wave hits her and she squirms to fight it off.

“What’s it?”, Peter asks.

“Nothing, just a bit cold in here”, Barbara lies, hiding her desperation.

But half an hour later, she can’t hide it anymore and she starts bounces her legs rapidly.

“Need to pee?”.

“Yeah, I didn’t go before remember”.

“Oh well, there’s about an hour left, there’s no break, so either you leave the theatre, or hold it”.

“I’m not going to squirm past all these people”, Barbara says pointing to her left. Three seats over there’s another couple.

But a mere ten minutes later, she has moved her left hand onto her crotch.

“Sure you’re gonna hold on?”

“Yeah, I’m not a baby”, she replies slightly agitated.

But another five minutes later, she removes her right hand from Peter’s left, where it had been since the start of the film.

“Just ask those people if you can pass, no way you can wait another 45 minutes”.

“No, no. I’m fine. I can hold it”, she says leaning in for another kiss.

But then it happens. Being focussed on kissing, she loses control of her bladder for five seconds. Immediately, she pulls back from the kiss, clenching her muscles again. She stops the flow.

“Oh god, no”, she whispers, looking at her jeans. A small wet spot is clearly visible, even in the dark.

“You just wet yourself? What are you? A baby?”, Peter says loud enough for other people to hear.

The family in front of them turns around: “Ssshhht”.

“I’m sorry… she’s sorry”, Peter says.

But the looks from the family has made Barbara cry, and while crying she completely loses control. She starts crying louder, and Peter can also hear a hiss.

“When you wet yourself at home… That I could understand, but here…. You’re a baby, I never wanna see you again”, he says getting up. He squeezes past some people on his row and leaves the theatre.

“No wait, it’s an accident”, Barbara says, but to no avail.

Now that her bladder’s empty she reverts her attention back to the screen. When the film’s over she waits for everyone to leave before calling Nina.

“Hey Barbi, how’s your date?”

“Terrible, can you come pick me up at the cinema with your car?”

“Okay, why?”

“I’ll explain later”.

Barbara hangs up and runs to the toilet, where she waits until she gets a Snapchat message.

It’s a picture of Nina outside the cinema in her car. “I’m here, now where are you?”, it says.

She texts Nina she’s on her way outside.

Luckily, there are only a few employees in the cinema’s lobby, no customers. She sprints across it, straight towards Nina’s car. She opens the trunk, grabbing the towel Nina always keeps in the back.

“What are you doing?”, Nina asks.

“Just grabbing your towel”, Barbara says closing the trunk.

“What for?”, Nina asks. But as soon as Barbara opens the passenger side door, her question is answered. She leans over to give Barbara a hug.

“Just drive, I’ll tell you”.

“Just a sec, I’m texting Alex I’m staying the night at your place, looks like you need me”.

“Thanks”, Barbara smiles.

TO BE CONTINUED

*037*2017-05-12 08:32

Sorry it's been a while. I was lacking inspiration, but I found some for the next chapter. Hope you enjoy!

CHAPTER 18

“Hey Barbs, feeling better”, Nina asks the next morning.

“Sort of. Luckily I didn’t see anyone I know”.

“Yeah, thank god for that”, Nina smiles comfortingly.

“Thanks for picking me up and staying the night”.

“Anything for my bff, right?”

Barbara smiles at Nina.

Today is Barbara’s second professional photoshoot and John will be picking her up in an hour. So Barbara gets ready by showering, peeing, having breakfast and getting clothed.

“You wanna stay here so we can do something when I get back?”, Barbara asks Nina as she opens the door.

“Sure”.

“Okay, see you in a couple of hours”.

“Morning Barbara”, John says as she sits down next to him, “don’t need to pee”.

“No, I’m fine”, Barbara smiles.

The shoot goes great and a couple hours later Barbara returns home. Nina is already awaiting her and immediately drags her friend to her car.

“We’re going shopping. There’s a huge sale so let’s go”.

“Just a sec, I need to pee first”, Barbara says.

“You can pee when we get there, no time to waste”.

“Well okay then”.

But the first two public toilets they go to are absolutely disgusting, and Barbara decides to hold. However, by now she has a hard time standing still.

“Look at that top”, Nina says walking by a store, “I need to get it”.

The girls enter the store and Nina starts looking for the top, but Barbara can hardly focus on finding anything.

“You know there’s a bathroom next door right”, Nina whispers.

“I know. But there were like five people in line. I saw as we were walking by. I can’t hold that long”.

“Then what are you gonna do?”

“I’ll go in one of the fitting rooms. It’s the only thing I can do to not wet my pants”.

Quickly, Barbara picks two random items and heads of towards the fitting rooms. But halfway there, she feels a spurt escape.

“Oh no, not again”, she thinks to herself, crossing her legs, stopping the spurt.

“Excuse me. Are you okay?”, a staff member asks.

“Yeah, I’m fine”, Barbara replies. “Just on my way to try these on”, she bluffs, hoping there isn’t a wet spot on her jeans.

She walks on and luckily for her there’s an empty room, despite the sale frenzy. She gets in and closes the curtain, immediately doubling over fighting off another spurt.

When she feels confident enough she quickly unbuttons her jeans and pulls them down along with her panties. She sits down on the cushioned bench that’s in the room and releases her pee.

A minute later the stream subsides and she quickly inspects her jeans. They have the tiniest of wet spots in her crotch, but nothing noticeable. Her panties are pretty much soaked though and she decides to hide them under the bench. Then she dries her ass with a tissue from her purse and pulls her jeans back up now going commando. Leaving the items she took with her in the room, she quickly leaves the store hoping she can leave before anyone finds out what she did. She leaves he store and finds a bench to sit and wait for Nina to buy her top.

When Nina walks out, Barbara suggests to go home. Nina agrees and they head back to the car.

“Made it dry?”

“Well… My panties were soaked, and there’s a tiny wet spot in my crotch. I’ll show you in the car. But my panties… I had to leave them behind”, Barbara laughs cheekily.

“You naughty girl”, Nina laughs.

TO BE CONTINUED

*040*2017-07-17 11:07

Sorry it's been a while. But here's the next chapter. This is based on something that I witnessed last weekend, although there was no wetting involved then.

CHAPTER 19

Barbara, Sienna, Nina and Alexis were going away for the weekend with a group of old friends. They went with the ten of them, guys and girls mixed. During one evening they decided to have a Beer Pong tournament.

It's Nina and Barbara up against two of the guys.

"Damn, it's your turn to drink", Nina says as the guys hit a cup.

"But I desperately need to pee, can't you drink it?", Barbara asks, whispering so no one else can hear.

"Me too, only two more cups left, it won't take long anymore", Nina replies, handing Barbara the cup.

But ten minutes later the guys have hit neither cup, and both girls are hardly standing still.

"Stand still", Sienna says.

"I can't, I'm too nervous, since it's a tie right now".

The guys hit one of the remaining cups; "DAMN! My turn to drink I guess", Nina says.

The girls' aiming has become terrible, and they can't make any of the guys' cups. But finally, after another five minutes, the guys make the girls' final cup.

"Well done, you win", Barbara congratulates them, picking up the cup and chugging its contents.

"Gotta pee!", Nina says and she rushes off to the bathroom.

"Me too!", Barbara says. But Nina beats her to the toilet. "I'll use the upstairs bathroom then".

But as soon as she's at the stairs, she feels a leak, and with every step she takes, she feels more of her urine leak out. But not wanting to embarrass herself she quickly continues to the bathroom, closing the door.

She quickly sits down on the toilet and starts peeing forcefully. She inspects her panties and shorts, quickly determining that they're too wet to continue wearing them.

She dries her legs with her towel and dashes to her room across the hallway to change into jeans and a new pair of panties.

As she comes back downstairs Alexis asks why she changed into jeans.

" 'Cuz I was cold", Barbara lies.

Hours later when they've all gone to bed, Nina asks Barbara: "You weren't cold, were you? You wet yourself, right?"

"Yeah, as soon as I started climbing the stairs, it just started to come out."

"But I guess all the others buyed your lie, so it's OK".

"I really hope so", Barbara says, turning to her side and quickly dozing off.

TO BE CONTINUED

*042*2017-07-17 11:20

{{20 minutes ago, Ktpq said:

Nice chapter can't wait for the next one

}}

Thanks! I'm afraid it's gonna be a while though.

*045*2017-08-24 09:44

CHAPTER 20

Barbara and Nina are going to the mall for another shopping spree. Since the parking costs are high they decide to go by bus.

Five minutes into the ride Barbara whispers: "I completely forgot to use the toilet before we left. So as soon as we arrive, we go find a bathroom".

"Sure. I kinda need to go as well".

When they reach their stop ten minutes later, they get off the bus and look around them. No public bathrooms.

"Doesn't matter, I can hold it", Barbara says, "let's go to that shop right there".

"Sure. You gonna pee in the fitting rooms again?"

"No, I'm not that desperate. Yet".

An hour later, the girls have gone by a few shops, but by now Barbara is constantly moving around, being desperate to pee.

"Nina, I'm really desperate right now. Let's find a bathroom".

"Okay then", Nina says, now also quite desperate.

But five minutes later the girls still haven't found one.

"Shit, shit, shit! I leaked a little!", Barbara says doubling over, hands in her crotch.

"Stop it, people are looking at you making a scene".

It takes some effort, but all that comes out are a couple of drops. She takes her hands off her crotch and asks Nina whether she sees any wetness.

"No, I dont", Nina replies.

"Thank god. If there isn't a bathroom around the corner, I'm gonna go in a fitting room again".

But much to Barbara's - and Nina's - delight, there is one. The girls quickly make their way to the bathroom only to be shocked.

"WOMENS ROOM OUT OF ORDER. Men's room is now unisex" a sign on the door says.

Entering the men's room, Barbara feels another spurt escape, now making a pea size spot on her jeans' crotch. To her horror there's a three girls long line in front of the sole cubicle. The second girl in line is moving around, both hands on her crotch.

"There's no way I can cut in front of her", Barbara thinks to herself.

Another leak. "Uhmmm, Barbs. It's visible now. About a ping pong bal si......."

Nina's interrupted by a hissing sound. Shocked she looks at Barbara's butt.

Still just the ping pong ball sized wet spot. The she sees it, it's the girl second in line, completely pissing herself.

"Oh shit", the girl cries. "Why didn't I go into the men's room earlier, why did I have to be so shy?", she rhetorically asks the girl behind her, who apparently is her friend.

"Told ya", the other girl replies.

"I can't wait any longer", Barbara shamefully admits.

Frantically she looks around and decides she has no other option than to use a urinal.

She walks to one of the urinals. "What are you doing?", Nina asks.

"I'm gonna use the urinal. It's either that, or ending up like her".

She unbottons her jeans while the guy at the urinal next to her can't stop staring. She yanks her jeans and panties down exposing her bald pussy to him, sways her hips forward and spreads her pussy lips with her fingers. It takes a second or two for the stream to start. It falls straight down, into her panties. Quickly, she clenches her muscles, re-adjusts her hips and starts peeing again, this time getting her stream into the urinal.

It takes a minute for her to finish, after which she inspects her jeans and panties. Deciding they're not too wet, she pulls them up and walks to the sink to wash her hands.

Meanwhile, having seen the girl wet herself and seeing Barbara use the urinal, Nina's desperation has sky-rocketed.

With both hands firmly pressing against her pussy, she whispers to Barbara: "I leaked a little hearing all those people here pee".

"Well, why don't you do what I did?".

"Well, okay than". But right as she says so, two guys walk into the bathroom, quickly occupying both urinals present.

"Damn. I can't wait another minute waiting for these guys to finish".

Frantically Nina decides to kick off her shoes, much to Barbara's surprise.

"What are you doing?"

"Just wait and see".

She carefully removes her hands from her crotch, quickly unbuttoning her jeans and taking them - and her panties - completely off.

She walks over to the sink and climbs onto it, in the process losing a couple of spurts. She positions her pussy over the sink and starts peeing for a good minute.

"Wow, nice show!", one of the guys says.

Nina looks away shyly, turning bright red.

When finished she redresses and together with Barbara leaves the bathroom.

"Luckily we kept our pants mostly dry", Nina says.

"Yeah, thank god!"

TO BE CONTINUED

*048*2017-08-24 21:22

{{7 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

What a excellent chapter

}}

{{1 hour ago, Ktpq said:

Awesome chapter can't wait for the next chapter

}}

Thanks!

