Group activities

Author: Luckilylover

*000*2025-03-12 00:00

This story isn't finished and i honestly am not sure i will ever finish it but i wanted to post it anyway maybe receive some feedback on it too all characters are 18+ in this fanfic

“I wish it was socially acceptable to just pee your pants,” Wooyoung lamented.

Yunho and Wooyoung were lying upside down side by side on Wooyoung’s bed, their legs resting on the mattress with their feet propped against the wall and their heads hanging off the edge. Yunho turned to face a Wooyoung with dangling hair and slightly pink cheeks.

“I mean, you can pee your pants?” Yunho said.

“I know, but that doesn’t make it okay. Like, I can’t just go to the supermarket and piss myself in the middle of the bread aisle whenever I have to go. People would stare at me weirdly,” Wooyoung complained.

“People already stare at you weirdly,” Yunho said before laughing. He could cue Wooyoung’s eye roll.

“Yunho-yah, you know what I mean,” the shorter boy said.

Yunho nodded, a little thrown off by going against gravity.

“Well, you might not be able to do it in public, but I bet you could do it here.”

Wooyoung sat up, righting himself as he sat cross legged facing Yunho.

“What do you mean?” He asked.

Yunho also sat up, mirroring Wooyoung’s pose to face his friend. He waggled his eyebrows mischievously.

“I dare you to piss yourself in front of each member. I bet they wouldn’t be weirded out any more than they usually are with you,” Yunho said.

Wooyoung stared at him.

“Oh! And to make it interesting, I also dare you to pee on one of them, too,” Yunho smiled triumphantly.

Wooyoung smirked in response. Who was he to turn down a dare? And a fairly easy one at that, at least he thought so.

“You’re on,” Wooyoung accepted.

“But you have to do each member separately or it’s cheating, Woo,” Yunho warned.

“Deal.”

///

It just so happened that Wooyoung ran into Hongjoong first. His Hyung was in the kitchen making coffee, leaning against the counter and resting his elbows behind him by the coffee maker, eyes closed. Wooyoung figured he was even trying to get his caffeine intake by just smelling the coffee.

“Hey, hyung, trying to get caffeine through the air now?” He teased.

Hongjoong opened his eyes and smiled at the younger member.

“Very funny, Youngie,” he said. “Want any?” He gestured to the coffee maker.

“No, thank you, hyung, I’m good,” and as soon as he said that he slightly relaxed and let a stream of piss start to soak into his jeans and soon a faint hissing sound is heard

He fully relaxed and let It flow into his boxer briefs and staining his jeans, a damp patch becoming more prominent in seconds along with the puddle forming at his feet.

Hongjoong shocked couldn’t help but stare at Wooyoung’s wet crotch.

“I see. Umm, Woo, do you know that you’re—“ Hongjoong cut off and gestured to the general area of Wooyounng’s dick.

The sound of his piss hitting the floor seemed even louder when Honjoong said that.

“Yeah, hyung, I know. You okay?” Wooyoung replied.

Hongjoong had turned a dark shade of scarlet, eyes still on Wooyoung. Then the coffee maker beeped and he turned to pour his coffee as fast as he could before running out of the kitchen, coffee spilling out of the cup onto the tile floor.

Wooyoung sighed in relief when his stream finally finished, He’ll be fine Wooyoung thought as he walked to the bathroom to get cleaned up.

///

Later that night

Hongjoong sat in his bed thinking to himself about Wooyoung who had put on that show earlier, he blushed just at the thought of it, but he pushed it aside and instead decided to deal with his thoughts about Wooyoung’s actions tomorrow as he drifted to sleep.

When he woke Hangjoong was in a forest desperately searching for a place to pee but eventually after almost bursting he find one and practically rips his pants down and starts peeing on the tree, that is until he feels something wet on his thighs

Honjoong wakes up with a shout confused, he quickly realized what was happening when he felt water on his butt horrified he pull the blanket up to see that he was peeing. He was peeing the bed. He desperately tries to stop the stream he clenched down and shortly succeeds at stopping but he realizes that he won’t even be able to move without bursting let alone make it to the bathroom.

He sits there and thinks back to this morning when he watched as Wooyoung wet his pants like it was the most normal thing in the world… Honjoong thinks for a moment..if Wooyoung could do it why couldn’t he I mean he can always just wash the sheets plus he knows he won’t make it to the bathroom anyway. Why not just let it go.

Hanjoong shivers at the thought he is slightly aroused at the fact that he was about to wet the bed…slowly he moves his hands and pulls his dick out from his underwear and carefully pulls the sheets back up over him. He closes his eyes and bends his head back he sighs before relaxing completely letting go.

Hanjoong feels immense relief as he starts pissing into his blanket and onto his bed the hiss of his pee is muffled by the covers and the warm feeling. But as he is enjoying the moment he is spooked by a voice next to him, he immediately opens his eyes in horror as he looks to his side he sees Yunho standing there looking at him.

How long has he been here, why is he here, why did he of all people had to see him. Little did Hanjoong know that Yunho had been watching him since he woke up and shouted it he walked in and watched as Hanjoong peed the be the sight aroused him immensely so much so that he wants to see Hanjoongs reaction to him watching his act.

Hanjoong was shocked but his bladder was still full so he was only able to temporarily stop his stream while Wooyoung was looking down at him with a smirk but he lowly losing control and getting redder by the second “ ah screw it so what if Yunho was watching him he can’t hold it any longer” he just leaned his head back and continued his piss into the blankets as Yunho just watched smiling as the blankets become soaked

“God this is such a good view Hanjoong is pissing the bed, it makes my urge feel stronger” Yunho thought he didn’t even notice that his hand had slipped into his pants and had pulled his dick out stroking it slightly. “I need to go, I can’t hold it longer, ahh. Mmm” in a second Yunho was peeing, he was peeing on Hanyoungs bed as the boy wet himself under the covers

Hanyoung didn’t even care anymore the feeling of relief was to good to be surprised at Yunho peeing on his bed they both stayed there and as Hanyoungs stres came to a end he finally turned to look at Yunho who was still peeing although his head was back and he was slightly moaning as he peed. Hanyoung just watched as Yunho stream slowed then stopped Yunho look down at Hanyoung and smirked before saying “since your bed had already become a toilet I decided to use it” Yunho looked at him before vipping up his pants and leaving the room

“Sigh what’s with both of them and why are they influencing me so much” Hanyoung just shook his bed before getting up to go clean up the mess

///

Seonghwa was next. They were watching a drama and Seonghwa had paused it so they could get more snacks. When he came back into the living room, hands full of popcorn and drinks, Wooyoung stood up under the pretense of having to stretch. He shivered and then he let go of his bladder and started peeing his pants.

His grey sweats showed the pee immediately, as it started soaking the front of them and down his leg, it pattered to the floor, before Seonghwa had even looked up from setting their snacks down on the table. When he noticed Wooyoung pissing himself, he slightly frowned.

“Woo, are you okay? You’re peeing your pants,” the older boy clarified, as if Wooyoung didn’t know what he was doing.

“Yep, I’m good,” Wooyoung replied, his sweatpants now very much soaked as his pee continued to hiss out of him.

“Okay.” Seonghwa shrugged. While looking away the tips of his ears were a bit flushed

As Wooyoungs stream slowed and then stoped he looked up at Seonghwa before he left to clean up and change into a new pair of sweats, letting his wet ones hang to dry after giving them a fast rinse. When he came back sat down next to Seonghwa on the couch the eldest member picked up the remote.

“Woo, next time please find a toilet because I don’t want to have to do more laundry than necessary, okay?” Seonghwa said before pushing play.

The tips of Wooyoung’s ears turned pink when he noticed the slight bulge in Seonghwa’s pants as they continued the episode.

///

This wasn’t even funny anymore Seonghwa thought as he looked at the locked door in front of him. First I have to deal with Wooyoung’s craziness today and now Yunho is pulling this shit. Locking him out of the bathroom “shit Yunho open this door I seriously got to pee if you don’t I’m really going to pee on the door” Seonghwa cursed. “Then do it because I’m not opening this door” Yunho laughed evily from inside the bathroom

He really thinks I won’t do it Seonghwa thought, my bladder feels like it’s going to burst and this ass is pulling this prank on him what the hell. Fine if yunho wants to play this game I’ll do it. I will make him regret underestimating what I would do for relief

“Fuck it I’m going to do it and it’s going to be your job to clean it up. You here me in there Yunho” Seonghwa said

Seonghwa put one hand on his forehead as he leaned it against the bathroom door then with his free hand he pulled his zipper down and wiped his dick out immediately he sighs in relief as his piss shoots out and hits the door before sliding to the floor the hissing of his piss was followed by the dripping of the pee falling off the door and landing on the ground creating a puddle that flows under the door too.

The relief from peeing after holding it for so long was immense he just bathed in the feeling of ecstasy from the release as a waterfall of piss shot out of him and hit the door he just moaned from the feeling. the thought that he was doing somthing naughty only enhanced the feeling

On the othe side of the door Yunho leaned back on the door facing the toilet he listened in enjoyment as he heard Seonghwa peeing on the door as he looked at the toilet and listened to Seonghwa’s stream his own growing urge to pee was enhanced and his want to do something naughty was what drove him to pulling his dick from his pants and aimed it at the floor in front of the toliet before letting loose all over the floor.

The sound of his piss hitting the tile echos loudly in the bathroom as he looks at the arousing sight of him peeing on the floor right in front of the toliet the sound of Seonghwa peeing could still be heard from the other side of the door as the puddle from it creeped more underneath the door and into the bathroom although it was getting noticeably quieter. But Yunho didn’t care he just focused on his release as it pooled on the floor he just started slowly stroking himself as he peed

Seonghwa let out a sigh as he finished he hated to admit but it felt good he looked down at the mess he had made on the door and floor and got even more aroused he stroked his dick a bit as he looked at it because it reminded him of what Wooyoung has done yesterday wetting himself in front of him. He was snapped out of his thoughts from a moan that came from the bathroom and when he listened closely he could he the sound of water hitting the tile he knew immediately what was going on.

Ahh holy shit Yunho is peeing on the floor in the bathroom, god the thought of that pushed him over the edge as Seonghwa started violently jerking his dick to the sounds of Yunho’s Moans as he peed he could the faint squelching of Yunho jacking off as he pissed all over the floor before slowly the sound of Yunhos stream disappeared leaving only the noises of him touching himself. Hearing those erotic sounds Seonghwa speed up pace his moans and rough breathing combing with Yunho’s as they Both got louder. “Hmm so close” Seonghwa moaned

He was close. Really close “Shit ngh so good” and he could tell from how loud Yunho’s moans were that he was also close. Hmnm he closes his eyes as a shiver that felt like lightning runs through his body “ahh fuck…cumming” and with one last pump he cums. It shoots out and lands on the bathroom door as Seonghwa stood there breathing heavily.

Yunho could hear it. Once his stream was done he could Hear Seonghwa’s grunts and the sound of him jacking off to himself behind the door. The thought that Seonghwa was touching himself listening to him brought his arousal to maximum as he speed up and spit on his hands before stroking himself again he did the so that the sound of him jerking was even louder

He can hear him through the door moaning about how good it was Yunho couldn’t hold it anymore when Seonghwa moaned as he came Yunho climaxed right with him. His cum landing on in the puddle of pee he had made on the floor. He leaned back and just listened and he and Seonghwa breathed out in relief

He knew Seonghwa was going to make him clean up both his and my own mess but he didn’t care it was totally worth it. To hear this rare side of Seonghwa

///

The next person he encountered was Yeosang and he didn’t even say anything. Wooyoung was walking to the bathroom and crossed paths with him in the hallway. Realizing this chance Wooyoung cleared his throat to get Yeosang’s attention so he stop moving and when he turned to look at him. Wooyoung immediately started to piss his tights. His piss shot out of him quickly soaking his pants leg as he grunted in relief.

Yeosang didn’t say anything and instead just looked down at Wooyoung as he pissed. the only sound between them was the hissing of Wooyoung’s piss.

He looked back up at Wooyoung’s face, shook his head like he expected this from him before pausing for a moment and his closing his eyes briefly opening them again and when he did another hissing sound was heard.

Wooyoung looked to where the sound was coming from and saw as Yeosangs hard cock had started pissing through his pants, soaking them while it hit the floor creating a puddle underneath him. Wooyoung’s stream started to slowly come to a end as Yeosang’s only increased

Wooyoung stayed in the position he was standing even after he finished, he instead watched as Yeosang peed soaking his pants with a indifferent expression on his face and with just one glance once he was done Yeosang walked away. Leaving Wooyoung to clean up the mess

///

Later that night Yeosang was sitting in his room reading. But he couldn’t think straight all he could think about was Wooyoung’s peeing. That only made his own urge worse. He quickly looked around before grabbing a pillow and sticking his dick in. He read his book with one hand and held the pillow with the other before letting go. His piss floaded the pillow as it soaked it up the feeling of the stuffing becoming wet was amazing.

He feels the piss pool around his dick as he releases in the pillow as it slowly fills with his piss but then he looks up and see Yunho looking at him

Ghjhhjh

///

San was more exciting. They both were standing in their underwear chatting, waiting for their turn to shower when Wooyoung just relaxed as he started pissing his boxer briefs. The bright blue material got wet as soon as the first of his stream hit the cotton, a damp spot blooming right in front of his dick. Soon his stream hissed to the floor almost completely unblocked because of thin soaked boxers.

San of course looked down and noticed what he was doing right away because of the loud sound of piss hitting the tile.

“Dude, seriously?” He asked.

“Try it, it’s fun,” Wooyoung said, his pee now a Torrent as it ran down his legs and splashed to the floor.

San watched Wooyoung for a second before shrugging and going quiet a moment later and the front of his underwear started to match Wooyoung’s as the piss soaked his briefs before also landing on floor.

They smiled at each other as the loud hissing of them peeing gave Wooyoung an idea as he shouted, “wait!”

He pulled his dick out, aimed it at San and started to pee again, this time on San’s already drenched underwear. San moaned slightly when he did that

Immediately San took his own cock out and started to piss on Wooyoung. They continued to pee on each as both of their streams started to slow San and Wooyoung just looked at each other as their streams trickled to a stop.

///

Yunho was in the shower washing up after the days practice he had been holding his need to pee the whole day since he thought it would be hot and it was but he decided he will pee in the shower but as he finishing washing his hair he heard some come into the bathroom. Sigh he was interrupted well he thought he would just pee later so he finished up and wrapped a towel around his waist before opening the shower door

Waiting right outside it was San in a bathroom looking slightly uncomfortable. That was until he saw him once Sam looked at Yunho he smiled like he was happy it was him that came out of the shower. When Yunho tryed to walk past him Sam called him

“wait..I have something fun I would like to do.. I think you’ll like it” he said

Intrigued Yunho turned around to face same and asked him what it was. Sam replied in a tempting voice “ I need to pee… I’ll do it in the robe in front of you. if you pee on that towel around your waist”

Now that was a good offer Yunho agreed right away with a smirk which seemed to satisfy Sam a lot

“Thank god you accepted I have needed to go but I wanted to do it in front of someone since the fun I had with wooyoung was exciting. Hm anyway haa Let’s enjoy the moment ” sam said and before he even finished I saw his robe start to get damp as he started peeing into it absolutely soaking it as it made a big stane going down it. I could hear the hissing and could imagine his cock soaking and rubbing agents the fabric.

Soon the sound of water hitting the floor bounced around the bathroom as his piss fell to the floor creating a puddle I just watched and listened to the hissing sound of his pee till he finished with a groan before looking up at me and saying “your turn. But do it cutely like you didn’t want to pee”

Obviously I obliged I pulled the towel from my waist and held it around my crotch. He bent his Knees before looking away pretending to be embarrassed immediately his stream hit the towel soaking it he pretended to be surprised when it soaked all the way through and streamed down his legs before landing on the floor. He enjoyed the bliss until his stream subdewed and eventually stopped

///

Pissing in front of Mingi was interesting. They were in the living room watching a movie when Wooyoung leaned back and started pissing his pants mid-move.

He moaned as his stream soaked the front of his pants and pooled on the couch, just letting his piss soak his pants completely as a very faint hissing sound resounded around the room. Hearing this Mingi stopped watching the movie and paused it, Mingi turned to face Wooyoung to ask what that sound is when he looked down and saw the reason for himself.

Mingi immediately became bright red as he stared in shock and a bit of arousal at Wooyoung peeing himself

“Ummm,” was all he could say.

Wooyoung seeing the boys reaction and smirked before pulling his cock out to resume his piss all over himself as his stream arched and a small puddle of piss formed around his bare feet.

Mingi still stared brite Red just opening and closing his mouth but unable to say anything

“Woo…do you know…umm…you’re—“ he stopped talking as he couldn’t even form a a proper sentence, because he was so flustered.

“I’m what, Mingi?” Wooyoung looked into the boys eyes and teased him as he started to stroke his dick up and down even though he hadn’t stopped peeing yet

“You’re, ah, you’re…peeing…” he still couldn’t get out a proper sentence . He was so red Wooyoung thought the boy might faint as he stroked himself more as his stream come to an end. He looked down at Mingi’s pants and opened his eyes slightly in surprise and amusement

Wooyoung chuckled “aren’t you doing it too Mingi-yah? Pissing yourself” Wooyoung smirked as he had stopped peeing by now and had shifted his legs so that Mingi had an unblocked view of him as he jacked off, making small squelching noises with each stroke.

Mingi flinched before looking down and realizing that he was indeed peeing himself. it started to soak the front of his pants very quickly shocked he grabbed his crotch and just barely managed to stop his stream. embarrassed he tried running out of the room, but Wooyoung caught him with his free hand.

“Why are you trying to leave there’s nothing for you to be embarrassed about…plus don’t you want to stay with me~” Wooyoung said in a seductive voice his eyes drilling into Mingi as he looked at him.

“I-I…uh…but…still…umm” Mingi couldn’t help but look at Wooyoung soaked by his own piss and still stroking his cock the tip of his dick had precut dripping down it Mingi gulped at the sight

“Hah...please Mingi…Nnngh…stay with me..” Wooyoung barley managed to say between his Moans

“B-But I need too…pee” Mingi’s eyes shook as he looked at Wooyoung jacking off and grunting from the pleasure.

“Augh… just do it…h-here hmm…it would be…hot..t” Wooyoung grunted

“H-huh in front of you…in my pants…I can’t d- “Mingi stopped mid sentence as he looked at Wooyoung’s burning eyes pleading with him to do it.

Mingi blushed and went silent before squeaking “ahh..mmm” he moaned a bit as he let go. His piss soaked his underwear as a dark patch formed between his hands.

“Hah…Show me” Wooyoung said and Mingi obediently moved his hands away from his crotch as they dropped to his sides, he looked down at Wooyoung who was stroking himself even faster while looking at him and letting out moans.

“Hnng…ahh that’s so hot…mmm” Wooyoung was close a he watched and listened to the hissing of Mingi wetting himself in front of him, it soaked his shorts and splattered to the floor streaming down his legs and creating a puddle under him.

Mingi moaned in relief as he watched Wooyoung groan and bend over slightly in pleasure, but his eyes never leaving Mingi. The squelching of Wooyoung jerking himself off and The hissing of Mingi peeing overwhelming them

When Mingi’s stream had almost ended Wooyoung pulled him into a passionate kiss before moaning loudly as he cummed

They sat there breathing heavily for awhile before Mingi came to his senses and realized what he had just done he shot up and ran away leaving Wooyoung to clean up the mess

///

Peeing in drawer

///

Jongho was, as expected, extremely blunt.

Wooyoung had gone the longest holding his pee for Jongho compared to what he did with any of the others. When feels like he almost can’t hold it anymore he goes to Jongho’s room under the pretense that he needed to ask him something. so when the older boy looked up at him from his desk to ask what he needed, Wooyoung stared at him and started to pee himself immediately.

His dick was at Jongho’s face level so the oldest member saw the wet patch forming right away.

“Woo, you’re pissing yourself,” Jongho said in a matter of the fact tone before turning his rolling chair away from the desk and turning it towards him so he was facing him directly.

“I know” Wooyoung said as he felt his piss pooling and soaking his underwear and pants.

Jongho looked up at Wooyoung’s face before looking back down at his juniors pants. You could see the stream outside of them, he reached up and cupped his crotch Wooyoung moaned at Jongho’s touch.

Jongho could feel the pressure from Wooyoung stream through his pants as it soaked his fingers, he moved up and unzipped Wooyoung’s pants and watched as the stream hit the floor for a bit before standing up and sliding his hand into Wooyoung’s underwear and grabbing the man’s dick pulling it out and aiming it at the Wooyoung’s own chest

He watched as it soaked Wooyoung’s shirt and revealed his abs he jerked him a bit and when he groaned in pain as he was stopped from peeing because of his erection he looked down at Jongho who had already let go of his dick.

“You didn’t think you could put on a show and pleasure only yourself did you. Naughty boy your not allowed to pee until I tell you” his gaze was cold but fierce as Jongho said “sit boy”

Wooyoung couldn’t help but sit down right in front of Jongho’s crotch he looked up waiting for his next command

“I’m waiting, start” Jongho didn’t need to say anymore as Wooyoung pull down his zipper and underwear to reveal Jongho’s hard cock in front of his face he grabbed it before gently licking the tip and the swallowing it whole

As he both stroked and sucked he looked up to see that at some point Jongho had closed his eyes he let out silence grunts here and there. That was extremely arousing for Wooyoung as he started to stroke his own cock as he blew Jongho

“Mmm…ngh, your such a slut does blowing me make you feel good your stroking yourself much…haaa” Jongho said as he gently placed his hand through Wooyoung’s hair

Wooyoung could feel he was close he also knew that Jongho was close too he had his arm covering his face as he occasionally moaned. The sight made Wooyoung go down on him even faster .he wanted to see Jongho’s cumming face

“…Hmnm good~…. Augh..so close..” Jongho said that as he grabbed Wooyoung’s hair and started thrusting his is dick in and out of Wooyoung’s mouth

Wooyoung’s need for release peeked when both his bladder and his dick felt like bursting he jerked himself even faster as cum and pee was dripping from his cock

“Haa…ngh, cumming…ahhh” Jongho moaned loudly as he thrust his dick deep into Wooyoung’s mouth and came. Wooyoung looked up at Jongho’s cumming face climaxed from just how erotic it was as cum dripped to the floor. Wooyoung stopped sucking him looked down only the sound of their breathing was heard until the sound of water hitting the tile floor echoed through the room.

Wooyoung moaned as he started flooding the floor with his piss. The hissing of his own pee was the only thing he heard until Jongho broke the silence.

“Tsk you, I said that you had to hold it until I told you could go, you need to be punished” Jongho said as he meet the gase of Wooyoung he then looked down at the puddle forming at his feet from Wooyoung’s exposed cock pissing unhindered and none stop. He needs to be punished and I know just want to do with this piss slut.

He silently watched as the puddle spread from wooyoung's dick he listened as the boy moaned profusely for a minute till his stream slowed and camr to a end as he was tok hardctp pee again

Jongho stood up before looking down at wooyoung and holding his dick, aiming it at him “since you can’t seem to follow simple commands it’s only right I punish you” he relaxed his muscles and leaned his back before moaning slightly

Wooyoung blushed deeply before looking down at the mess he was causing, but he didn’t dislike the sight suddenly he felt water hitting his head and running through his hair he looked up to see Jongho with his hand on his dick and his head back peeing on him he watched the stream as it landed on his chest

Soon Jongho looked back at Wooyoung moving his dick slightly so his stream landed on Wooyoung’s head

He watched as Wooyoung just silently excepted his punishment as piss rolled down the boys body and watched as his stream started up again

Jongho watched as wooyoung continued to pee before saying “hay slut your getting it on my floor put you duck back in your pants and lean back”

Wooyoung slightly replied leaning back and putting his still pissing cock in his pants the feeling of wetting them while he was on his knees was exciting but not nearly as much as the fact the Jongho was peeing on him they both stayed in that position peeing and when Jongho sighed and zipped up his pants he looked down at the piss soaked Wooyoung and smiled as he watched the last drops of Wooyoung’s stream fall from his pants, before walking away

///

Jongho peeing inside wooyoung Yunho peeing in condom while watching

///

Yunho and Wooyoung messing around ( Yunho peeing on Wooyoung as he jerked off over him in bed) wooyoung peeing on Yunho’s lap. Them jerking echother off and peeing on themselves ( Yunho and Wooyoung wet themselves in front of each other)

///

The short stories of the others peeing in Various places on different things ( pulling dick out and peeing on carpet while sitting) (playing twister and peeing on eachother) (peeing in the car) peeing in sink and bathtub and shower, on walls and floors, in trash cans and on plants. In laundry, tea kettles,vases, the coach. on desk & under

///

Yunho. Wooyoung. Jongho. Mingi. Yeosang’.Seonghwa. San. Hanyoung.

All of them peeing themselves together

The practice seemed to go on forever the first one to loss it was Mingi

