Pride is preceded by a fall

Author: Lukhas

*000*2017-08-01 20:40

Hello,

I am James 15 years old boy on the last year in the middle school. I am very smart and special in mathematics and physics. I am best in our class and I had the honor to represent our school on mathematical olympiad. I have more friends between teachers than between classmates. But I do not need classmates, if they cannot solve an easy goniometric task or easy quadratic equation, so I have nothing to do with them. It seems that they let me alone too, so it is OK.

It is Monday first day after a week. And my best lesson- math. We have a older teacher but she is very good. When the lesson starts teachaer asks if we have got homework on our last lesson. All the class say no, but I know that they do not have homework and they believe that teacher does not remeber anything. I should be quiet but I did my homework during the weekend so I want to be praised, I want to write it on blackboard because I am sure most of my classmates cannot solve it. And I raise my hand, tell teacher about homework and write the results on the blackboard. I know that my classmates hate me, they get extra homework, but it is not my problem.

Second lesson- history, no problem

Between second and third lesson I must go to the bathroom. There are 2 boys from our class between doors Simon and Charles. Charles pushes me out of the doors.

Me: what do you doing, I need to go inn

Charles: no, you do not use this bathroom

Me: ???

Simon: yes, you only tell the teacher about homeworks, this will be your punishment

I am going back to class, it is not problem, my bladder is from steel, I can hold it to the next break. How childish can some of classmate be. Yes, I cannot be strict, they are only stupid.

Between third and fourth lessons there are guards in the bathrooms doors too. Stupid. But I can use bathrooms for girls- girls go always right after bell, now I can use their bathrooms. But there are Anna and Fiona there. Right between the doors. Ohhh, fuck, all class wants to punish me? I have only said about homework and we had homework, so I was right.

In fourth lesson I must admit that I need to go but I have a plan- after bell I will race to the bathroom and will be there the first. But I need more and more. But what happen if I could not hold it to the break? No, I cannot pee myself, it is only girls who do it. Not me. But I must hold one of my hands more and more in my crotch. And little pee dance on my chair is necessary.

Simon: why he does not ask about bathroom?

Charlie: that is psychology- he is best in class and bests of the best can hold it.

Simon: but he is about wet himself right here in the classroom

Charlie: he does not admit that he cannot hold it to the break. And when he starts to pee, it is too late.

Simon: ohhh, poor boy

It seems that it can be good but after one spurt I am back in reality. I need to go now, no way I must ask teacher. Spurt was not so long but little stein is visible on my jeans. I only wait for the best time to raise my hand. A short time after I feel how my need just starts to flow to my jeans. Oh noooo! I feel my need in my crotch and back on my ass. Ohhh, I am going to the bathroom to my jeans. I cannot believe that I am peeing here in the middle of the lessons to my jeans. Under my chair is a puddle, alle of classmates get know what happens here.

Anna: mrs teacher, James peed himself as a little boy haha!

Simon: uffff, I just do not understand why he does not ask

Charlie: I have said it to you. He thought all the time that he could hold it. And then it was too late.

I am taken from classroom and can change to my gym clothes. It is very humiliating to pee myself and I thing they will tease me more weeks for it. I should definitely ask, I can calculate equations but I cannot hold stupid pee. Or maybe I just should cooperate with classmates little bit more. Shut up if nobody has homework!

