Attack On Titan: Give up on Your Pride and Pee

Author: Leviathan95

*000*2023-05-20 04:31

**Story requested by @Alex62

, hope you enjoy**

@@There was no peace to be found outside Shiganshina today. Whether it was the hundreds of horses charging across the battlefield, the war torn riders yells of fear and rage, or the thunderous sound of rocks raining down upon them like shrapnel. There would be no peace today. But far from the cacophony of battle, where the sounds were but a distant thought, a man normally known for his calm reaction to stressful situations, still could not find peace. It was no question as to why; he had been sent out to be the only survivor in a losing battle, forced to avenge the others that would no doubt die to distract their target, and even worse he himself had to tell his mentor to give up on his dreams and die. Levi knew that he had to kill the beast titan, there was no other option. But even in such a dire situation there was another thought constantly in the back of his mind. Due to how long the battle had been going Levi hadn’t gotten a chance to rest in hours, and while some soldiers could repress the urge to use the bathroom, Levi always made a point to stay well hydrated before battle, he would never be caught low on energy with Titans about, and that was aside from the tea he drank.

Luckily for Levi the Beast Titan had all of the surrounding Titans holding their position, because he was moving much slower than normal. The ODM gear he used had a slight flaw for this specific occasion, it uses a series of harnesses to spread the force of flight throughout the body, one of these harnesses went across his lower stomach just above the belt, meaning that every move he made pressed down on his full bladder and threatened to dirty his clean white pants. That was an idea Levi could not abide. Levi had pride in how clean and organized he was at all times, the mere thought of wetting his pants disgusted him.

Levi could see that the Cavalry charge was being thinned rapidly, but he was still a few Titans away from the Beast Titan. If he takes too long he might notice that his Titans are dead. Levi chose to pick up the pace, which put a lot of extra pressure on his bladder, even forcing a small amount to leak out. Levi cringed as he felt a few drops escape, but decided to push on to ensure his comrades sacrifices would not be in vain

At the edge of the battlefield the Zeke in his Beast Titan form grabbed another rock and crushed it into chunks in his hands, preparing to throw it. For a moment he catches a strange smell, but loses it and throws the rock, causing carnage across the battlefield, he laughs.

“Heheh, I can smell their fear all the way from here, I’m one pitch away from a perfect game, and it seems the other team is too demoralized to even swing”

He grabs the final rock and he starts to crush it before a breeze comes through from his right, carrying the smell he noticed before, much stronger than before.

“Hmm, smells like fear, but why is it coming from that direction?”

He turns to check his right in time to see Levi cut through the final Titan and a memory popped into his head

“I need to watch out for a single soldier?”

“Yes, Captain Levi is dangerous” Reiner’s words rang in his head.

“Could that be Levi?”

His confusion quickly turns to anger as he lets out a loud roar and starts to swing at Levi, Levi’s ODM gear attaches to his shoulder, and just before he hits Levi the hook disconnects and where Levi would normally slice clean through the Beast titan’s finger instead he flies past his hand, narrowly avoiding the attack, but forced to evade rather than suffer from unnecessary pressure on his already pained bladder. Levi fires another hook into the Beast Titan but Zeke breaks it off knocking Levi to the ground. As Levi lands he rolls and gets back to his feet, but in the process loses control for a second causing a wet spot on his pants. He prepares for another attack but stops when he hears the Beast Titan speak.

“This is the ‘Dangerous Captain Levi’ Reiner was worried about, one man so stricken with fear that he arrives to battle having wet himself already?”

Levi could feel a rage build up inside of him hearing those words, Immediately he hooks onto the Beast Titans shoulder and moves to attack, Zeke goes to cover the natural target of his nape, but with Levi’s decreased speed he sees him swing for his eyes instead and narrowly avoids the attack.

“Fighting like this I don’t even know what had him so worried, I was skeptical but you’ve managed to underwhelm even my low expectations Levi”

@@Levi started to swing around for another attack only to come face to face with stone shrapnel that Zeke had flung in his direction, he braces for impact while evading most of the debris, but a few rocks hit him, one in the shoulder, one in the stomach, and one in the head. Levi once again is forced to the ground, this time falling harder and unable to catch himself. The rocks that hit him nearly broke his control over his bladder, and blood starts to drip down his face. He tries to stand but falls to his knee. He suddenly felt all of the pressure in his bladder push at once, and in a last ditch effort to stop it he holds his hand to his crotch, hoping to preserve his dignity, but it was too late. A steady stream gushes out of him, soaking his pants and forming a puddle on the ground beneath him. It felt wrong, Levi was disgusted with himself. It kept draining out of his bladder trickling down his legs, filling his boots, for a moment all that can be heard is the dripping from his pants into the puddle below.

The Beast Titan could clearly hear and smell what had happened and turns to face Levi, seeing him on his knee, a broken man.

“If this is the strongest soldier you have, then I must say I greatly overestimated you. But don’t feel too bad, you are not the first of your kind to react this way to me. Here allow me to end your shame for you”

Levi stayed on his knee barely registering the words of the Beast Titan, all he heard were his own words

“Give up on your dreams and die”

For a moment Levi was prepared to accept his fate, but more words came to mind

“Devote your Heart!”

Levi looked up, and instead of the Beast Titan, he saw Erwin. And not just Erwin, Miche, Nanaba, and Gelgar and even his old Squad, Eld, Gunther, Oruo and Petra. He struggled to face them, expecting only shame and anger, but when he looked up, they smiled at him with pride in their eyes. And he knew he couldn’t let it end here. Not only for his own pride, but for the pride of all his fallen comrades.

The beast Titan’s hand slams down at Levi, shaking the ground and kicking up dust all around.

“See, just like squashing a bug, those two must have spent too much time inside the walls if that man frightened them,” Zeke said as he lifted his hand, seeing no signs of Levi. “Hold on, where did he…” Zeke starts to look around and for an instant he sees Levi, not the broken man he saw before, he didn’t see fear, or shame, all he saw was rage, and an anchor going straight into his eye.

Zeke cries out in pain, and instinctively covers his nape to prevent Levi from killing him but instead he feels the back of his ankles get sliced out from under him causing him to fall forward, slamming his chin into the ground, biting his tongue clean out of his mouth. The next thing he feels is his arm get sliced all the way along it, causing it to go limp, preventing him from covering his nape. The only option he has left is to harden but he feels Levi press a boot down on his nape before he can

“What happened to all that fun you were having?! Come on, let’s try to enjoy this!”

In a quick series of a few dozen slices, Levi cuts all around Zeke, slicing each of his limbs off with one final slice forcing him out of his Titan body, and All Zeke can do is scream in pain. Before he knows it Levi has shoved a blade into his mouth and is holding him down with it. Zeke looks up at Levi and sees the sheer rage once more and with the blade in his mouth all he feels is fear. In his fear he realizes that he now feels wetness as well. The Titan blood spread around from the brutal assault starts to evaporate, but the wetness in his pants remains and he realizes that he too had wet himself. Levi gives a small smile.

“I’ve gotta say, this one’s a first for me, didn’t even think Titan’s could piss. You’re the first Titan I’ve seen piss themselves out of fear.”

Levi pulls the blade out of Zeke’s mouth and puts it up against his throat

“Go ahead, make your smart ass comment, as long as you’re okay with the possibility of it being your last words.”

Zeke coughs up some blood before retorting “Like you’re one to talk, I’ve never heard of a dangerous warrior wetting himself on the battlefield”

Levi Smirks “Oh did I? I thought something was slowing me down, explains why you lasted as long as you did.”

Zeke goes to respond but Levi shoves his sword back into Zeke’s mouth, drawing blood.

“With how badly damaged your body is I doubt you’ll be able to transform again, now it’s just a matter of finding if anyone out there survived your barrage, if they’re willing to get over the taste, I’m sure they’d be happy to take your power, especially after what you did.

