A Desperation in Custody

Author: Lordon

*000*2016-12-22 20:42

This is my first story on this side. I don't know very much about being arrested, so this will most likely be very inaccurate. Anyways, enjoy (also, I am not a native english speaker, so please do bare with me)

I was sitting in the back of the police car, the night city’s colorful lights sliding past me on the other side of the bulletproof window. I clenched my cuffed hands into fists; my wrists had begun to ace from the metal handcuffs. In the seats in front of me sat two cops, each wearing their black uniforms. They hadn’t even glanced at me since they pushed me through the door. I was trembling slightly. Partly because of the rush of being arrested, partly because I’d been urging to pee for the last hour or so.

I looked into my lab, where my hands were resting. I was wearing my tight, washed out jeans, the knees dirty from sitting in the grass earlier. Covering my upper body was my checkered blue shirt, the sleeves folded up to my elbows. I didn’t utter a word. I was too anxious to talk. Instead I learned back into the leather seats, and continued my gaze out the window. I didn’t remain like this for long though; after a few minutes i had to sit up straight again, my urge for the toilet too great. I tried my best to ignore it, and forgot about it soon after.

We arrived at the station, and I was gently lead out of the car and through the front door. I was still trembling, now almost entirely from desperation. One of the cops who arrested me lead me through the main hall and into a large room with several tiny cells, a few of them holding other offenders. I asked if i could use the toilet first, but the cop ignored my question, and pushed me into a cell, locking the door. My knees were shaking. I sat down on the plastic bench that was placed against the wall, crossing my legs tight. I was shaking harder. I tried to press my hands into my crotch, but the handcuffs were just gnawing into my bladder, making me even more desperate.

I tried to stand up, but as I rose a small jet of pee spurted out into my panties. I gave a slight gasp, and quickly grabbed my crotch again. I had stopped peeing, yet i could still feel a tiny drop run down the back of my left leg. My panties were feeling rather wet. I was shaking hard. I learned towards the cold concrete wall for support. I could feel my lower lip trembling as a tear slowly started running down my cheek. I quickly wiped it away with my hands, before jamming my hands in between my thighs. I’d forgot about the handcuffs, and and as they slammed into my swollen bladder an even larger spurt shot out into my pants.

I hulked and started crying softly, as jet after jet violently soaked my panties, running forcefully down the back of my legs. I stepped panicky from one foot to the other, as I desperately tried to stop the flow. The pee hissed loudly as it continued to soak my jeans. The sound of pee splattering onto the ground could surely be heard in the other cells as well. I was now openly crying. After what felt like an eternity, the flow started to lose force, and i soon regained control. I learned against the wall, glancing from my soaked jeans and the puddle on the ground, to the cell door, hoping no one would come and see her embarrassment.

She sat down on the bench, still glancing at the door. The jeans had started to get cold, and the urine was started to itch around her inner thighs and crotch. The hours went by, and an overweight female officer opened the cell door. “You’re free to go” she said coldly. She stood in the door a few seconds longer than necessary, looking slightly shocked at the mess I’d made. I stood up from my seat, and walked quickly through the hall towards the exit. I was trying pathetically to hide the front of my jeans with my hands, but it obviously wasn’t helping, and people were of course looking shocked as i walked past them. The moment I exited the station, I ran as fast as I could towards the metro.

