Chib: An Omorashi Fiction

Author: Lucaptera

*000*2023-02-17 09:09

My first post on here is evidently going to be that story I've been writing, which I can't really share with anyone, but I don't feel like I can post it on my Literotica either. It's called "Chib" because I didn't know what to call it so I closed my eyes and picked out random letters on the keyboard.

Some of my literotica characters are from this story; Pia, Azri, May, and later, Saoirse. It also ties directly into my other fiction/short stories; Saoirse knows Arthur, and May is related to Digitalis.

___

Part 1

The world had a green tint to it, and everything was blurry. He felt weightless.

"If you want this unit it's yours for a tenth of a credit - it'd be free but we can't technically *give* it to you," said a voice. "Boss says you just have to haul it way before five today."

"How long has it been here?" asked a second voice.

"No idea. Longer than I have?" said the first voice. "I've worked here all of maybe two weeks though."

"Right," said the second voice. "Well, it looks mostly intact, at least. I'll take it."

"Pull your tow around the front and we'll load it on," said the first voice. The two voices trailed off over the next minute, and he wondered where he was. It was cold and very still.

The world shook, but he didn't. There was something rectangular in front of him, with a square of light near the top. The world jostled again and the voices were back, muffled.

Everything was dark. He couldn't open his eyes and he didn't know what woke him. He could see through his eyelids that it was slightly lighter than it had been before, and he could hear metal creaking, and the steady drum of footsteps from somewhere close by.

"Still full of fluid, that explains a lot-"

He took a moment to recognize the voice that had spoken: the second voice from before. It was feminine and sounded young.

"Oh no. No, no, no." The second voice trailed off again, along with the footsteps.

He wanted to say something, but couldn't. The darkness returned, fading in quickly.

"So...why do you need *my* help?" said a new voice. It was another feminine voice, slightly deeper, with a slower cadence. "It's a tank of body soup by now, assuming that was even a real person floating in it. Have you called-"

"He's still alive, Azri," groaned the second voice. "I saw him move!"

He opened his eyes. The square was light again, and this time there were two figures in it. One was a young human woman with green hair and blood-red eyes that glinted in the weak light. The other was obscured in the shadows behind her.

"The last inspection sticker on it is from six years ago," said the other voice, concerned. "Bubble, nothing is going to survive that long in a junked med module with no power."

"He moved, I saw it," insisted the second voice, as the green-haired woman's mouth moved.

The square of light suddenly changed shape, and he realized that the shape in front of him was a door, with a square window in it. The door was opening, and light flooded his eyes. It stung his eyes, and he reflexively tried to cover them. Both arms did move, just very slowly

"Oh wow..."

"See what I told you?!" said the second voice - the girl with the green hair.

He awoke crumpled on the ground, cold but unable to shiver. Something hooked him under his left shoulder and pulled him up. He couldn't seem to open his eyes, but as he was lifted he could feel a warm body and dry clothes against his skin.

"It's important that we keep him upright," said the new voice. "There's a table next to the tank. Put those poles under his armpits."

He felt himself being lifted again. "If he's been in here for six years, how is he so fat?" grunted the second voice.

"It's common for people to bloat up after a long time in hydrostasis," said the new voice, sounding vaguely bored. "We'll need to get all that fluid out, or it could be a big problem."

He wanted open his eyes and speak to the two others, but he couldn't. As hard as he tried, his body stayed limp, pulled down by gravity. He felt himself sliding onto a hard surface, with something under his arms.

He opened his eyes. The green-haired girl was leaning over him, looking concerned.

"Is he awake, or did his eyes just get...gas...bubbles? Or something?"

"I don't know," said the new voice, as a second person leaned into view. The owner of that voice was a woman with light blue-green skin, odd fin-like ears, shoulder-length dark green hair, and sleepy metallic silver eyes. "You awake, little friend?"

He tried to take a breath and choked on it. He started to cough, but instead of air coming out of his lungs, he expelled a large amount of fluid all over himself and the green-haired girl leaning over him. She recoiled, allowing the next wave of lukewarm fluid to splash freely over his cold, naked body.

"Looks like you're back in business, kiddo," said the green-skinned woman, approaching him. She slid a hand behind his back and sat him up. He coughed again, hard enough to make him gag and vomit a thick dark green fluid from his belly all the way down his legs. His vision began to fade a little and he leaned back, panting. He could still feel fluid in his lungs, but it was much easier to breathe.

"Great job! You're stronger than I thought," said the green-skinned woman cheerfully. "I thought we'd have to hang you upside down by your ankles."

"What was the problem you were talking about, Azri?" asked the green-haired girl. "The one that had to do with how bloated he is?"

Through the sudden exhaustion from the coughing, he felt a little stung. He looked down at himself: he was a little chubby, but didn't think he looked bloated, and the thick dark liquid was spattered down his front, giving his blue skin a sickly gray tint.

"The stasis fluid has permeated his cellular membranes, and it stays in certain cells longer than others," said Azri. "It's not harming him now but it'll need to be flushed out."

The green-haired girl eyed him. "That sounds complicated. Are you sure you don't want to take him with you to the clinic, so you could monitor him and stuff?"

"I think it's best if he stays here, actually," said Azri after a moment of thought. "Call me if you have any emergencies, of course, but as long as he stays hydrated he should be fine."

"Is there room at the clinic?"

"We don't really take overnight patients, we just arrange transport to the hospitals in Shell Bay or Chocolate Smudge," said Azri. "I'll come over here and check on our little friend here in the mornings and evenings though, and I'll bring extra food." She pulled a foil pouch out of a bag on her hip and handed it to the green-haired girl. "Make sure he drinks all of that. He's not going to need any special medications, but he'll have to drink a lot of water over the next six months."

"It's a good thing I bought a new evaporator module last week, then," sighed the green-haired girl.

Azri used a small penlight to examine his eyes. "You awake, little friend?" He gave her a small nod.

"Little? He's taller than I am," said the green-haired girl. "Or is that some medical term I'm not aware of...?"

"It's a figure of speech," sighed Azri, leaning over to examine his body. "It doesn't translate very well from my dialect at home -- it's closer to the word 'cute' I guess."

The green-haired girl glanced over at him. "Cute?"

"Cassiopeia, that's enough," Azri reached down and brushed some of his hair off his face. It came off on her hand as discolored green sludge, breaking down quickly. She wiped it off on the sterile white wall. "Oops...sorry about that. How are you feeling? I'm glad we were able to get you out of that tank before you turned into corpse soup."

"Azri," groaned the green-haired girl.

"Pia's right - I guess you'd be more of a thick corpse stew." Azri bent over him, extending her hands and gripping his face. Her hands were cold, sending a brief shiver up his spine. She brought her face to his, pressing their foreheads together, closed her eyes, and an odd tingling sensation spread down his face from where their skin touched. After a few long, uncomfortable seconds, Azri pulled away and stood up, wiping her head with her sleeve.

"What's your name? Do you remember?"

He tried to remember his name and couldn't. He felt alarmed, but his face was too heavy to express it.

"Don't strain yourself," said Azri seriously. "Your life depends on it for the next month or two."

It wasn't hard to follow Azri's instructions; the pouch had a straw. The water felt good in his throat, and he drank eagerly. Pia was awkward about it, but he didn't notice.

"Good," said Azri when he'd finished. "Now, I've got to get back. I can carry him back to your skiff."

Azri was much stronger than Pia had been, lifting him easily. She had an odd smell to her, which intensified as a metallic creak rang out in front of them. Pia held the door as Azri stepped outside. The daylight was blinding, and he squeezed his eyes shut against Azri's shoulder.

"Sorry, bubble," said Azri. "I forgot it was so bright out here...Pia, pull one of the cloth bags out of my pocket and put it on his head, please." The sharp way Azri had said that was slightly jarring, and he couldn't see what was going on, but it was a small relief when a light cloth fell over his face.

They walked a short distance before the unrelenting sunlight dimmed. "Where should I put him?"

"In the bathroom," sighed Pia.

He opened his eyes when the cloth fell: he was in a slightly cramped cabin on a small air vessel. He didn't know how he knew that, and passively observed as Azri set him down on the floor in a bathroom. The whole room was tiled, with showerheads on two walls, a small window near the ceiling, and a sink and toilet in the corner nearest to the door.

"I recommend that he stays in the bathroom until he can walk on his own," said Azri, standing up gracefully. He saw that Azri was considerably smaller than Pia, but this didn't really surprise him: Amphibious people like Azri tended to be much stronger than other human-like species. How he knew that, though, he couldn't remember.

"How long will that be?" asked Pia.

Azri eyed him. "Anywhere from one to four hours. He was floating around in some pretty high-quality stuff, and he's in amazing shape. There's some possible discoloration on his face, limbs, and his penis, but it's too early to tell whether that's permanent."

Pia glanced down at him. His body wasn't quite as heavy as it had been just a few minutes before, and he was able to look down at himself. He was still spattered in the dark fluid he'd vomited up, and he couldn't even see what color his penis was underneath it. He couldn't feel any pain there, but he couldn't feel much else in his body, either.

"I said 'possible' discoloration, I'm sure it's fine. You should at least be functional to pee, which you'll be doing a lot," said Azri. "Now, before I go, all you really need to remember is to stay hydrated and don't strain yourself. I'll be back in the morning to check on you, and until then, Pia will take good care of you." She said a cheerful goodbye and breezed out, leaving him alone with a very confused Pia.

"Well uh..." said Pia. "Can you wash yourself?"

After an awkward but thorough wash, Pia helped him scoot onto a folded towel. He could move his arms and legs but his finer motor control was still lagging. He had a glass of water, and sat back against the tile wall while Pia searched for clothes for him.

"These should be big enough, I hope," said Pia. He was able to dress himself with some help. "Think you can stand up?"

He took a breath to speak and coughed again. He nodded and Pia braced herself. She helped him to his feet, and they found his legs fairly steady. Surprisingly, he was a head taller than Pia, and it made her seem small. He was beginning to regain feeling in his toes. The sensation was glorious, and he just stood there enjoying it until he noticed a rushing sound. He looked down and saw that he was urinating. He couldn't even feel it, but he was spraying Pia's feet with a strong, distinctly blue jet. Pia raised the hem of her skirt a little to keep it out of the way.

"I'm-" he hacked out. "I'm sor-" He couldn't form the words.

"I know. It's alright. All I have to do is rinse my feet," sighed Pia. "You know, Azri told me off for wearing sandals today. Please don't tell her this, but I don't regret my choice of footwear at all." She looked down and watched the puddle spreading around them. "Feeling better?"

He gulped and shook his head. "I can't-" he coughed. "-feel it."

"That's unfortunate," said Pia. "Your first pee in years and you can't even feel it." She helped him remove the shorts and threw them in the wash.

Pia led him out into the main cabin of her skiff. The bathroom opened directly to the kitchen area, with the counter and sink sitting opposite the outside door. Further beyond, a wall divided the room into a wide hallway on the left, and a small living area on the right. He could see all the way up to the ship's bow, its wide ovular windows blocked off by folding screens. Pia sat him down on her couch.

"Are you alright here for the next minute or two?" asked Pia.

He nodded.

"Good. I'll be right back with some clean shorts." Pia retreated up the hallway and returned with a pair of shorts and a sheepish expression. "These are my only clean pair right now," she said, as though it explained everything. It did not, but they seemed like nice enough shorts.

"I think I'm done being productive for today," sighed Pia, handing him another glass of water as she sat down on the couch. He carefully held it up and drank it: he couldn't feel his fingers yet, but he could move them. "Wanna watch My Little Targ: Honor Is Magic?"

"My little-" he coughed. His voice was deep and scratchy. He took a breath and switched to a whisper: "What's that?"

The show Pia had picked was animated with a well-written, fairly simple plot that was easy to follow. He watched it for a while, until his throat started to get dry again. He looked over at Pia, who stood up.

"Water?"

He gulped and nodded.

"Gotcha. Want some instant noodles?"

He fidgeted; he was still fairly numb and couldn't tell whether or not he was hungry.

"I'll make you some anyway. If it turns out you don't want it I'll just eat it."

Pia poured him another glass of water and started the kettle, taking out two bowls and sitting down next to him while she waited for it to boil. "So, what do I call you? Do you remember your name?"

He drank the glass of water in a single gulp, shaking his head.

"Is there a name you like? Like Tyrone? Bill? Baron Marius von Fundshauser the fifth?"

"...What?"

Pia snorted. "We'll watch that series next...but anyway, what would you like to be called? You keep just getting referred to as 'he' and 'him' here and it's getting confusing."

He took a deep breath; he suddenly needed to pee.

"I'm Pia, by the way. Short for Cassiopeia. The tiny amphibious lady that carried you here is Azri." Pia held up one hand and he raised one to meet it. Pia's hands were small compared to his.

"Tiny?"

"Yeah dude, you saw her yourself. She barely goes up to my shoulder. She's a little...weird...all the time but she's a good doctor and a good friend."

Over on the counter, the kettle started whistling. Pia hurried over and poured the water into the bowls she'd brought out. After setting a timer on her oven Pia sat down next to him.

"Cyan?"

"Cyan?" Pia repeated.

"For a name," he said, shrugging. "Because I'm blue, I guess?"

"Cy for short?" asked Pia. "I like it."

"Yeah," said Cyan.

"Well, it's nice to meet you, Cyan."

"You too, Pia," said Cyan.

*001*2023-02-17 22:53

Part 2

Cyan woke up warm and shaky. He'd fallen asleep on Pia's couch, and she'd given him a pillow and blanket. It was surprisingly long enough for his tall frame, and he'd slept heavily. The first thing that hit Cyan was a desperate need to pee. His bladder was painfully full, and he couldn't stop a slow, hot drip in his shorts.

A bucket sat on the small table in front of the couch with a note taped to the side.

Cyan

Am in town right now if I can find clothes that fit you I'll bring them back

The bucket is for your use

Azri here at 10

Pia

Pia's handwriting was small and tidy, but the lack of punctuation gave Cyan brain cramps. He grabbed the bucket and positioned it on the floor. The shorts he wore unsnapped in the crotch.

There was a loud click, and the door to the outside opened. Cyan's stream pattered reluctantly against the bottom of the bucket as Azri stepped inside.

"Hello? Little friend?" Azri wore a flowy sort of sweater dress, smeared with bright-colored paints. Pia hadn't been kidding about Azri being small: she would barely be chest height to him if he stood up.

"That is some very blue pee," she commented. "Can you feel yourself urinating?"

Cyan took a deep breath and nodded yes. His flow was picking up, and he kept his eyes on the bucket, aiming carefully so that his hand shielded his most vulnerable parts.

"Would you mind answering some questions?" asked Azri, keeping a respectful distance. "Or would you be more comfortable if I stepped out while you finish?"

"It's okay," sighed Cyan, embarrassed at the relief in his voice. "I don't mind."

"And you can talk! Is it difficult?" asked Azri excitedly.

Cyan gulped. "It's getting easier."

"Wonderful! How many glasses of water have you had since I left last night?"

Cyan's face warmed up. He couldn't tell whether or not he was blushing. "I didn't count. At least four."

"And how many times did you pee?" asked Azri.

"I didn't," said Cyan. "I fell asleep."

"I see," said Azri. Cyan dared to glance up, and saw Azri standing in the kitchen, conscientiously staring at the empty sink. "Would you like some water?"

"Sure."

Azri busied herself, pouring Cyan a glass of water and setting out a small kit on the counter. Cyan's bladder took an agonizingly long time to drain, during which Azri asked if she could get some blood, saliva, and urine samples from him. He didn't know how to say no to that, so he didn't.

When Cyan finished he found it easier to breathe. The shorts conveniently buttoned back into place, and now that he wasn't about to wet himself, he took a moment to appreciate the design.

"Aren't those nice?" asked Azri, approaching him. "My May sewed those for Pia."

Cyan opened his mouth to speak, and Azri handed him a glass of water and a thermometer.

"Put that under your tongue...Do you remember your name?" asked Azri, lifting the bucket. Cyan put the thermometer in his mouth.

"Do you remember anything before you went in the tank?" Cyan shook his head again. "Can you count to ten?"

"Mm-hmm," replied Cyan.

"Count aloud."

Cyan pointed at the thermometer sticking out of his mouth while Azri took some urine samples from the bucket.

"Oh, right," laughed Azri. "I'll stick to yes or no questions then. Did you eat last night?" Cyan shook his head. "Did Pia offer you food?" He nodded, and Azri took the bucket into the bathroom. She rinsed out the bucket and washed her hands, bringing the bucket back out to Cyan. She took the thermometer out of his mouth, noted the reading, and stowed it in another bag.

"Could you read the note on the bucket?" asked Azri, pulling a small notepad out of her pocket and jotting something down.

"Yeah," said Cyan. "Pia went into town to find some clothes."

"Do you know when Pia left for the market, Little One?" asked Azri, looking up at the clock in the kitchen.

"No. I woke up just before you got here," said Cyan, taking a long gulp of water.

"When she gets back I want to go check out the unit you were found in," said Azri. "If I can find the serial number we might be able to figure out where it's been."

Azri took Cyan's vitals, and they spent the next hour on the couch. Azri was a huge Honor Is Magic fan, and paused the show frequently to explain the world and lore. At first Cyan found it informative, but it didn't take long for the deluge of information to become an overload.

Cyan took a break to pee between episodes. He hadn't been nearly as full as he'd been before, so he attempted walking to the washroom. Azri accompanied him to the door, but he was steady enough that she trusted him to go in by himself. Cyan shut the door behind him and locked it. He had a long, satisfying pee, and the noise drowned out the noise from the other room. Cyan paused to look at himself after he washed his hands. His skin was blue with blotches of sickly gray. He was completely bald, and his eyes were an eerie metallic violet.

Azri was pacing in the kitchen when Cyan opened the bathroom door. "I just tried to find Pia on communications and she's not picking up," she informed Cyan. "I'm going down to the unit. If you'd like to come with me you're welcome."

Cyan scratched at his ear. "How long of a walk is it?"

"Not long. I can carry you if you need it," said Azri, adding in response to the skeptical look on his face: "It's not a long distance, and you're not that heavy."

Cyan walked barefoot on the low boardwalk. It was set out in a winding sort of grid on the forest floor. The grid sat in a mostly-cleared area, and there were no other crafts parked there. Pia's air skiff sat alone, looking vaguely like a giant clothes iron. Its windows were round and bubble-like, and it sat on a standard flat levitation platform.

"Harpy Silverling five-thousand," Cyan said slowly, walking next to Azri. "Stainless steel plating and a compact hover base. They don't make them like that anymore." The information had just randomly tumbled out of his mouth.

"Is it?" yawned Azri. "How do you know?"

"I don't know," said Cyan.

"Well, you could remember soon, at the rate you're rebounding from the stasis," said Azri cheerily.

The unit was a huge metal box. Cyan recognized the door on the side.

"If we can find the serial number quickly I'll take you by the viewpoint on the way back," said Azri. "I'll inspect the right side, you get the left. Holler if you see any numbers!"

Azri hopped off the boardwalk and strode around the side of the unit. A set of stairs led down from the boardwalk to the flat dirt below, and Cyan padded down them. He noticed something on the corner: an assortment of cloth bags, set neatly in a pile. He thought he could hear something, and kept walking. The sound got louder, and he finally recognized it: running water.

Cyan stepped around the corner and saw the source of the noise: Pia. She stood, knees splayed and skirt raised, relieving herself copiously on the ground. She wore a blue dress patterned with dandelions with nothing underneath, and her bare legs had a noticeable layer of thin green hair. Sighing, Pia looked lazily over her shoulder in the direction of the bags she'd set down, only to lock eyes with Cyan. They stood there in silence for a long moment. Cyan's face felt warm, and Pia's face turned bright red.

"Oh hi, Pia!" said Azri, strolling around the corner. She looked down. "You're looking well-hydrated today!"

Pia's face reddened even further, even as her expression turned bemused. It made Cyan want to laugh, but the outing had tired him out, and he was already winded.

"Hey, so my kids' bus gets back in half an hour, could you help us find the serial number?" continued Azri.

Pia finished with a long squirt and dropped her skirt immediately, still dripping. "I found the serial number. It's why I stopped here on the way in." She stepped over the puddle she'd created. "I got it." She pulled a small piece of paper from her dress pocket and handed it to Azri.

"Splendid," said Azri, pocketing the paper. "Now we have to get Little One back to your skiff so I can get home for my minis."

*003*2023-02-22 08:39

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

Why don't you feel like you can post this on Literotica? It is a decent story just like all the rest you have on there even though I'm not into male peeing, which seems to be the focus of this story.

I'm really enjoy your stories on Literotica by the way.

}}

Aww thank you so much! I'm not really comfortable sending my stories to anyone I know, so I don't normally see feedback. It really is kind of Cyan-centered; I went and developed the characters in my short stories to flesh them out better before writing with them. I also solidified a timeline and made maps. It does get more female peeing as more characters are introduced. This story is a little long for Literorica in my opinion (though my series have been getting pretty long lately 😅) and it merges with my "normal" fiction at some point so I want to try and shoehorn more plot than usual in there.

*004*2023-02-22 08:41

Part 3

Cyan politely declined Azri's offer to carry him at first, but the walk back was quickly exhausting him. He almost gave in about thirty feet from Pia's air skiff, and by the time he stepped through the hatch, his legs were shaking. He had just enough coordination to stumble from the door to the couch, plopping down on the pile of blankets he'd slept in.

"How are those legs, Little One?" asked Azri while Pia hauled the groceries onto her counter to put away. "Any pain?"

"No," Cyan wheezed. "Just tired."

"Sit up and I'll get you some water," said Azri.

Cyan pulled himself into a sitting position. Azri was filling his glass with water while Pia worked behind her. Pia's face was still red, and she seemed to be avoiding looking in his direction since they'd met outside. He wanted to say something, but he had to catch his breath first. It helped when Azri handed him the glass of water and he drank half of it in one gulp.

"You did great, but don't strain yourself like this again. I cannot emphasize it enough: your life depends on it," said Azri. "Gotta go, peace out Little Friend, Pia." She opened the hatch to the outside. "I'll be back at dinner time."

Azri closed the door behind her, leaving Cyan in silence with Pia. Cyan sat back on the couch, dozing off.

"I got you some shoes," said Pia abruptly. Cyan jolted awake.

"...oh, you did?" Cyan sat back up. Pia dropped a bag on the couch next to him. On top was a pair of sandals.

"I measured your feet before I left," she said, taking out the first shirt. "But the only clothes I could find that would fit you are giant t-shirts and swim shorts."

"Thanks," said Cyan, looking at the shirts. One of them was patterned with fluffy white dogs.

"Are you hungry?" asked Pia, hurrying back to the kitchen. "I got more things you can eat. Azri told me not to give you gluten just in case, so it's probably good that you didn't have any noodles, because they're wheat."

Cyan yawned. He could feel something like hunger in his stomach, but the walk had tired him out. He drifted off quickly.

Cyan woke up next to a large cylindrical tank. His tank.

Cyan lay on the metal bed. He recognized the interior of the medical unit he was in. It had been made for a specific type of air vessel. He was naked and wet from the tank.

"Hey, I know this place," said Azri. Without warning, she faded into existence next to the bed. Cyan sat up and covered himself.

"Why am I back here?" Cyan stood up and backed away toward the door. Azri didn't move, but looked around thoughtfully.

"Maybe because you don't remember anything? This is the unit, from yesterday. You have a pretty good recollection of it."

Cyan tried the doorknob, but the door was locked. Something was off.

"Anyway, you should wake up," said Azri.

"What?"

"You're asleep," explained Azri as though everything was completely normal. "This is your dream - which means you can do anything...You should save that knowledge for later though. You need to wake up. Right now."

"Why?" asked Cyan. He was just noticing how easy it was to stand, and how his joints weren't aching like they'd been when he'd plopped down on the couch.

"You're peeing yourself," said Azri.

Cyan looked down. He was suddenly wearing a bright blue patient's gown. A thick chemical smell hung in the air, sticking in his sinuses. He wanted to gag but found that he physically could not. It meant the drugs were working.

"I'm not-"

Azri stood next to the couch, leaning over Cyan with a dazed expression. She snapped out of it quickly, pulling him to his feet. His legs were still asleep, so he mostly stumbled to the bathroom, leaking into his shorts on his walk through the kitchen, where Pia was cooking something on the stove.

He sat down to pee, and Azri left to find him a new shirt and pair of shorts - his urine had stained his front blue, soaking the front of both his shorts and long nightshirt. He looked over his shoulder at the window over the toilet. It was still light outside, though it was starting to fade-

"Are you going to need help changing clothes?" asked Azri, setting down a new set of clothes on the toilet tank.

"No, I'll be fine," yawned Cyan.

"You sure?" asked Azri, placing a hand on Cyan's knee. It tingled strangely where she touched him. "I can't feel your legs."

Pia's voice echoed through the door: "Azri, you're in mommy mode. Let Cyan change his clothes."

Azri sighed and looked at Cyan, her eyes reflecting a weird metallic sheen in the light from the window. "She's right. If you need any help just holler, okay?" said Azri, stepping back toward the door. "And who's Cyan?" she asked in Pia's direction.

"It's him," sighed Pia's voice. "Our 'little' friend?"

Azri gasped, stopping at the doorway to the kitchen. "You remembered your name?!"

Pia entered the doorway, putting an arm around Azri. "We're not sure, he picked it for himself."

"Let's give the guy some privacy, Azri," said Pia coolly, pulling Azri into the kitchen. "You said you'd help me with the rice." Pia directed a brief friendly wave toward Cyan, made slightly awkward by the fact that he was still peeing, and shut the door behind her.

Cyan stepped out of the bathroom a few minutes later. Azri was cooking now, and though Pia wasn't there, he could hear her walking around on the upper level.

Azri directed a barrage of questions at Cyan over dinner, pausing while she ate to scribble out his answers. Afterward, she took his vitals. A part-time nurse, she had access to interworld supply lines, through which she could search and network to find out what she could about where Cyan had come from.

"The soonest I'll have any information will be next week," said Azri. "This week is some human holiday."

Cyan picked away at his food while Pia and Azri ate standing in the kitchen. It looked good - it was a type of curry made with pickled kelp - but Cyan only ate a few bites. His body was hungry but reluctant to eat much.

"Don't fret, champ," said Azri. "People that wake up from stasis routinely take about a week to start showing interest in food. You're in shockingly good shape, especially considering how long you've been out."

"Did you get a reply from your inquiry on the medical unit?" Pia asked.

"That one's another two weeks out, at least," said Azri. "But I called the scrapyard and talked to the owner. He told me the medical unit has been there longer than he's owned the yard, and he bought it about fifteen years ago."

"It was working that whole time?" Cyan asked skeptically.

It was Pia who answered his question: "Some of those medical units have a long-term battery built-in. If they're made to be part of a module, most units have a backup power source. Yours must have."

"How long do those power sources last?" asked Cyan apprehensively.

Pia shrugged. "I won't know until I take the wall off of the unit. The battery isn't accessible from the inside. I want to have Miss May take a look at it too."

"What did you want it for, anyway?" asked Cyan.

"Spare parts," said Pia. "They don't make Silverling series components anymore, so I snap them up when I can."

"Save the backplate off the turboencabulator when you take apart the unit, by the way," interjected Azri. "We can trace the serial number on that too."

*005*2023-02-22 08:43

Part 4

Azri said her goodbyes after dinner and went home. At Pia's suggestion, they lounged on either end of the couch and watched some random movies Pia had found in the market. Pia was still a little distant and embarrassed, but was slowly easing out of it as they relaxed and focused on the movie.

Halfway into their first disc, Penguin Samurai, Pia sat up suddenly. The movement reminded Cyan that he was almost late for his next semi-regular pee break.

"Can we pause-"

"You have to pee?" gasped Pia. Cyan nodded. Weirdly, Pia seemed flustered. "Oh no..."

Cyan reached over and retrieved the bucket. "What is it?" he asked. "Are you okay?"

Pia's face reddened. "C-can I use the bucket after you're done?"

"You can use it now if you like," said Cyan. He felt his face heat up, and wondered what color he was turning. "I can hold it for a bit."

Pia took the bucket, soaking the hem of her skirt when she raised it. A little grunt preceded a cascading flood of clear piss.

"Phew," panted Pia. "Sorry about this." Her face was a bright, uniform red. She pissed hugely, sounding like a waterfall in the bucket.

Cyan felt an urge to help, and said, "So is this why your name is P-..." It didn't sound like it had in his head. "Er...uh..."

Surprisingly, Pia smiled. "You know, you're not the first to say that...and kind of, yes."

"Is it why your boss lady modified those shorts I wore?"

Pia covered her eyes as her flow stopped pummeling the sides and bottom of the bucket.

"They're a great design," said Cyan quickly. "I wanted to ask if she could modify my shorts like that."

"Thanks." Pia stood up, squeezing her skirt out over the bucket. Cyan carefully slid it over to himself while Pia scurried away up the hall.

Pia had to leave first thing the next morning to coordinate a delivery, and Cyan awakened to the harsh static of the communications console.

Cyan sat on the couch, bundled up in fuzzy blankets. He wore a baggy sweater of Pia's with a manatee drinking from a teacup underneath the word "mana-tea." His bald head felt a little cold with the morning chill, but after Pia left he would cocoon himself in blankets again. In the meantime, Pia had made them each a mug of hot tea.

"On the bright side, Miss May got back last night," continued Pia while finishing her breakfast. "Azri said she'd be here around noon today, and she's bringing food. You're welcome to anything in the pantry but please don't use the stove."

Cyan yawned. He'd let out some of his morning pee when he first woke up, but got an erection halfway through and had to stop. He didn't know why it was being so persistent, but he was too tired to do anything about it. He waited to stand up until about a minute after Pia left.

*006*2023-02-22 08:45

Chib Pt. 5

The day was hot, humid, and heady with pollen. All Cyan wanted to do was sleep. Instead, he stared at the ceiling for what felt like several hours, gave up, and peered outside through the small window next to the front door. The words "what a lovely day" drifted across the surface of his mind, and they didn't feel like his words.

Indoors it was warm and stuffy, but outside was bright and hot. The sky was clear and the sun was almost overhead, baking the grid of walkways that made up the dockyard. Cyan ran a hand over his smooth bald head and didn't like the thought of getting sunburned on his scalp.

"Dockyard," repeated Cyan aloud. That was definitely his thought, and it felt good.

A shadow drifted across the far side of the yard followed by an andyne woman with striking blue and tan wings, gliding low over the walkways. She touched down with practiced ease and walked briskly out of sight around the corner, obscured by the trees that surrounded the yard.

With nothing else to watch outside, Cyan drank a glass of water and lay back on the couch, where he failed to nap for another half hour. He was trying to stay hydrated like Azri had told him, and was in the process of getting up to pee when a knock came at the door. He couldn't resist the urge to at least look and see who it was on the way to the bathroom.

The person at the door was the andyne woman who'd glided by earlier. Her wings were larger and more striking in person, and her dusky blue hair had been pulled up into an elegant topknot. She wore a plain blocky blue apron dress. The words that weren't Cyan's filled in the phrase: "mourning outfit." If she were a human Cyan would've guessed she was in her early thirties, but an unfamiliar part of his brain produced an estimate of "mid-fifties."

The woman at the door caught the movement and turned. Her hawklike amber eyes settled on him.

"Hi, Cyan," she said through the glass. Her deep voice was earnest and tentative "Pia asked me to stop by and check on you. May I come in?"

Cyan opened the door. He didn't want to seem rude and decided he could wait for another minute or two for the bathroom.

"It's so nice and cool in here," remarked the woman. "I'm Miss May. I was out on business when Pia bought the medical unit you came in."

Miss May looked at Cyan with a polite, expectant expression. It was his turn to speak, but she was very pretty and for some reason, he found himself tongue-tied.

"Do you remember anything from before?" she asked, searching his face. Cyan shook his head. Miss May gave him a sympathetic but unsettlingly knowing glance before looking him up and down. "I need to get going, but would you mind if I took your measurements first? Pia tells me you need some clothes."

"Sure," Cyan managed to gulp. Miss May was taller and more beautiful up close, and the prospect of replying to her dried out Cyan's mouth and made his bladder throb. Miss May pulled a tape measure and a small dog-eared notebook out of a pocket in her sleeve and approached him. She had a familiar minty lilac scent, and it made Cyan's heart race as she leaned close. He felt something else starting to throb somewhere underneath his baggy clothes and didn't dare look down when she measured his chest and waist. Cyan's member twitched as she stepped back.

"I'll just estimate the hips, shall I?" she said tactfully. Other than a faint pinkness to her freckled cheeks, she seemed completely unruffled.

"Thanks," squeaked Cyan. Suddenly he didn't have any trouble holding his bladder.

"I have some old clothes that should fit you, I'll just have to patch up the back," said May. "Well, Cyan, good to finally meet you. If I don't come by with Azri later, I'll see you when I bring your clothes by."

Cyan stood, dazed, in the kitchen for about thirty seconds after Miss May left. His erection had abated a little, and he waddled into the bathroom, sitting on the toilet and using his hand to make sure he didn't miss.

He really had to concentrate to get himself to pee, but was able to get some relief before his member stiffened up again. Cyan sat, playing with himself gently and watching his body's reactions in a warm pink haze for over an hour. After a while, he felt tension starting to build up.

The front door burst open in the other room and two sets of footsteps hurried in.

"Miss May, are you-" Pia asked breathlessly. The door closed and May shushed her.

"Pia, next time I ask you to meet me at my shop, please just meet me at my shop." May's voice was agitated. "She might've seen you."

"Who might see me?" asked Pia. Cyan continued playing with himself absently, keeping his breath quiet.

"She's registered under A. Nucifera." There was a pause and May added, "That's the girl who just checked in. She asked for you using your full name. Do you know her?" Somehow, the name was familiar to Cyan. His brain wasn't working at the moment though: he had just enough warning to bite back a moan, and shot his load across the bathroom floor. He took long, deep breaths that echoed slightly despite his efforts to keep quiet.

"-by your full name, Cassiopeia-" May's voice was cut off when the urge to pee hit Cyan, so he aimed straight down and fired. The flow was mercifully brief, but the splash echoed in the bathroom and made the two women stop talking outside.

"Cyan?" called Pia. "There you are! How are you feeling?"

Cyan gulped, "I'm um-...I'm fine. I'm almost done." He wasn't very flexible after who knew how long in a fluid tube, and ended up having to haphazardly get down on his hands and knees to wipe up his mess. The tile edges pushed painfully into his skin, but he was too busy eavesdropping to mind.

"Take your time," Pia replied. "And holler if you need help."

"Pia, this could be serious," hissed May. "She's not even wearing-"

Cyan tried to stagger to his feet and fell sideways onto the floor. He landed heavily but managed to roll so that it didn't hurt too much.

The bathroom door opened and Pia rushed in. Cyan crumpled the wad of toilet paper in his hand; the fluids he'd just cleaned up were thin and unpleasantly cool against his palm.

"What's going on?" asked Cyan, staggering to his feet with Pia's help.

"It's none of your-" May began to say in a soothing tone, but stopped. "No, it's probably got something to do with you too, Cyan."

Cyan fell asleep while May was talking and didn't catch much. Sometimes the voice in his head would explain words, but it faded with the rest of his consciousness when he dozed off.

"Just-..." May sighed. She and Pia had left the couch so Cyan could sleep and stood in the kitchen. "Be careful around her, and don't go anywhere alone with her."

"You sound like you did when Saoirse first came here," said Pia. May pinched the bridge of her nose. "I'll be careful, Miss May. I promise."

"I wasn't overreacting with Saoirse, I was just being cautious." May stopped to take a sip of her tea. "And Saoirse - nothing against her, she's lovely when you get to know her - is somewhat of a nobody. This girl is from a very powerful family.

"The Nuciferas I grew up knowing were spoiled and snobby, only dealt with people as rich as them, and liked to flaunt their wealth and wings. This kid had the nerve to be surprised that I glided across the yard and wore a mourning dress."

Pia nodded, feeling lost. Andyne culture was extremely uptight and dictated by rigid social protocols that didn't often make sense, at least to lowly mostly-humans like herself.
