OAB (An Indian Story)

Author: lonerwolf

*000*2023-04-14 05:10

Hi guys I am back with another piece of fiction. Hope you enjoy this one.

CHAPTER-01

Meena is a tall, slender woman with fair skin and long, flowing black hair. Her striking features include high cheekbones, a slim nose, and full lips. Her dark eyes sparkle with intelligence and wit. Despite her beauty, Meena suffers from overactive bladder (OAB), which causes her to feel a constant urgency to urinate and sometimes leaks urine involuntarily. This condition can be frustrating and embarrassing for her, but she tries to manage it with medication and lifestyle changes.

Unfortunately, Meena's life has not been without tragedy. Her husband died in a car accident several years ago, leaving her all alone. She does not have any children and has had to learn to cope with her OAB and run her online bakery business on her own. Despite the challenges she has faced, Meena remains resilient and determined to live life to the fullest. She pours her heart and soul into her baking, finding joy in bringing a smile to her customers' faces. Although she may feel lonely at times, Meena is grateful for the support of her friends and community, and is determined to make the most of the life she has.

She had relatives but hardly anybody showed up to her house. She was all by herself. She usually stayed naked in the house to avoid spoiling her clothes. There are times when she gets desperate while cooking and leaks in the kitchen. She only wears clothes when the delivery boy comes to take the delivery.

One day she receives a call from her cousin Madhu.

Meena's niece, (Madhu's daughter) Akansha got admission in a college which was near Meena's home, so Madhu wanted Akansha to stay wtih Meena. Meena was really happy to host Akansha but was also worried about her condition.

She went to the railway station to pick up Akansha. The train was late by an hours and all she could do was to wait. She started playing Candy Crush (this game is really popular among ladies above 30 in India.) on her mobile to kill the time.

It's been 45 minutes since she had last visited the bathroom. The urge to pee started to grow and it was getting stronger as every second passed. There were still 15 minutes for the train to arrive at the station and another 15 minutes to reach home. She was getting very nervous. She knew it won't be long when she starts leaking. She immediately went to the toilet but one stall was occupied and the other one was pretty dirty. She went back to the waiting room disappointed.

“Bass kuch ki der ki baat hai, abhi aa jayegi train. Phir kuch hi der mei mai ghar par pahuch kar susu kar paungi.” (It’s just a matter of a few minutes, the train will be here anytime. Then I will be on my way to home where I can pee in peace.) She thought to herself trying to reassure herself. She was constantly rubbing her thighs and biting her lips in tension. She had crossed her legs very tightly. She knew that situation is about to get worse if nothing is done about this problem.

Finally the announcement was made that the train is arriving at the platform in 5 minutes. This announcement relieved Meena. She got a little bit too relieved and accidentally relaxed her muscles which caused her to dribble in her panties. She panicked and immediately held her very tightly. Luckily there were no stains on her salwar and even if there were any, her long kurta would cover her properly.

The train finally arrived at the platform. Meena somehow got up and went to the platform to greet Akansha. She was finding it very hard to stand still but she had to maintain her composure. She cannot just start doing a pee-pee dance in front of a massive crowd.

Akansha came out of the train wearing a yellow top and denim jeans. She was warmly greeted by Meena. They hugged each other. Meena helped Akansha carry her luggage to the car. Akansha was walking in a weird way almost like a duck. Meena found it very odd but she was too busy to handle her own situation and ignored it. They put the luggage in th trunk and were good to go.

While driving, Meena was panicking. “Aree yaar bacchi ke saamne kuch gadbad na ho jaye. Badi bezatti ho jayegi.” (Please! Nothing happens in front of the kid. This would be very humiliating.) She again reassured herself, “nahi yaar kuch nahi hoga, bass 10 minute ki hi toh baat hai.”

On their way home, they were stuck in an unexpected traffic jam. Meena whispered, “aree yaar, abhi hi kyon jam mei fasna tha.” (Aww man! Why only now we had to be stuck in a traffic jam?”) Akansha heard her whispering gibberish, “Aapne kuch kaha kya mausi ji?” (Did you said something aunty?) Meena replied in a no. She was constantly honking at the cars ahead of her but it was useless. They didn’t seem to be moving. She was beginning to leak and small spurts of pee were coming out of her pussy occasionally.

She also saw Akansha shuffling and squirming on her seat. She asked, kya hua Akansha? Sab theek toh hai na?” (What happened Akansha? Is everything okay?”)

Akansha replied hesitantly “Kuch nahi mausi ji who bass…..” (Nothing aunty, it’s just…..).

“Bolo beta sharmao mat.” (Speak child, don’t be shy.)

“Mujhe bahut zor ki susu aayi hai.” (I really need to pee.)

Meena now understood the whole situation. She was right about that unusual duck walk.

“Koi baat nahi, tum chinta mat karo. Bass jaise hi yeh traffic jam khulta hai, hum 5 minute mei apne ghar par honge.” (It’s alright, you don’t worry. As soon as this traffic clears off, we will reach home in 5 minutes.)

Meena was trying her best not to look desperate and at the same time was trying to comfort Akansha as well. Eventually the traffic cleared off. Meena was driving the car like a professional NASCAR racer. The situation was really intense. Meena had already leaked enough that the wet patch had reached her thighs. On the other hand Akansha was holding herself very tightly. From the perspective of Meena, it was difficult to tell if she had leaked but her expressions told a whole different story.

They were finally home. Meena quickly parked the car and both of them made a wild dash towards the main gate holding their crotch with their hands. Meena was really struggling to find the door keys. When she finally found them, her hands were trembling which made it difficult to open the lock. She was able to do it. It was pretty obvious that Akansha had known till now that Meena was also very desperate. They went to the toilet hopping like bunnies.

“Mausi pehle mai jau please?” (Aunty, may I go first please?”). Meena wanted to say no but she couldn’t bring herself to say it and she let Akansha go first. Akansha quickly unbuckled her belt and almost ripped her jeans to get it out of the way. She sild down her thongs and sat down on the seat.

PSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH……………………….

A loud hissing sound was echoing in the toilet. Akansha was very happy that she made it. Outside the toilet Meena could hear the hissing sound of pee and it made situations worse for her. She started banging on the door. “Beta please zara jaldi karo, thoda urgent hai.” (Child please hurry up a bit, it’s a bit urgent)

“Bas do minute mausi, abhi aayi” (I will be out in just 2 minutes aunty.) Akansha responded.

Now the stain had reached to her calves and was visible even with her long kurta covering her to the knees. Finally the noise of the flush was heard. Akansha came out. Meena almost pushed her to sit on the toilet seat. She was in no condition of locking it so just left it shut. She started undoing her naada ( A thread or lace that holds the salwar on the waist, pretty much like a belt.) But it got stuck.

“Shit shit shit! Yeh bhi abhi hona tha.” (This had to happen now only) Meena started yelling. Akansha got scared and asked, “Mausi sab theek toh hai na.” (Is everything ok Aunty?)

“Kuch nahi who meri salwar ka naada phas gaya hai. Zara please meri madad kar do.” (Nothing. It’s just the lace of my salwar is stuck. Could you please help me out?)

Akansha went inside and saw her mausi (Mother’s sister is called mausi) really struggling. She tried undoing the knot of the naada. But it was too late. The floodgates opened involuntarily.

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH…………………………

Meena was peeing herself in front of her niece. She was really shocked. It’s been really a long time since she had an accident in front of anyone. She sat down in her own puddle with tears in her eyes.

TO BE CONTINUED

So this wraps up chapter-01 of the story. Hope you all enjoyed reading it. I was really helped by @Kate95

In this so thank you very much. As I always say, do let me know your views and suggestions about this one. I am open to constructive criticism. Also if you want to give any ideas for the upcoming chapters, you can share them as well. I will surely try to consider them.

