Princess Honeypot

Author: Lapis Lazuli

*000*2023-04-11 03:32

Hello!!

If this fic seems familiar, that's because it's the same fic as this

, just rewritten. It has a lot of things I really wanted to change about the original, and I feel like it has a bit more potential for further chapters. I'm already working on one as I type this, in fact!

###

Holding an apple slice up in the air, Alex makes a silly whirring noise as they fly it forward into the open mouth of their girlfriend, who happily chomps down on the slice and chews. The girl, Lucille, swallows the apple slice and smiles as she raises a hand to Alex’s cheek. They haven’t spoken in the past few moments, only basking in eachother’s beauty.

The sun’s light radiates through the leaves of the tree they’re sitting under, casting speckled spots of light across their picnic setup. The park is quiet, tranquil, only the sounds of playing children off in the distance. Lucille looks down at her spot, seeing little food left for her to eat. She grabs the last bite of her sandwich, planting it in her mouth and finishing it up.

“Hey, love…” Alex softly coos, “You should finish your water, you don’t want to dry up.” It’s quite hot outside today, the midsummer sun baking the earth as it procrastinates falling below the horizon, so Alex had insisted on Lucille drinking lots of water. They made her drink an entire bottle just on the way here, and Lucille is being asked to down another one right here on her picnic blanket. “Come on, it’s just a little,” Alex whispers as they raise the bottle to Lucille’s lips. Unwilling to protest, Lucille begins to drink it all up, even as she feels the water filter down through her body into her bladder. Admittedly, though, it does help Lucille stay cool.

As the last ounce of water is gulped up, Lucille stretches and gets back up on her feet, and Alex soon follows suit. The two gently pack up their supplies and garbage into their picnic basket, taking off towards Alex’s house. As they walk, Alex wraps a hand around the side of Lucille’s waist, feeling a deep tension in her muscles. They begin to press gently out of instinct, even if they already have an idea of where it comes from.

“Are you okay, love?” Alex asks, bringing themself closer to Lucille as they rub gently on her side through the denim of her short overalls. “You’re tense…”

“U- Uh, yeah, I’m okay.” Lucille folds her hands at her front, looking away from Alex. As they glance down at their lover, Alex can tell Lucille is blushing. “I… I just really have to pee. I really should have gone before we went out, hah…”

“Ahhh, I understand.” Alex reaches over to kiss Lucille on the cheek, glancing around to see if anyone is around who could overhear their conversation… nobody around, except some kids playing off in the distance. Perfect. “Well, you’re a good little princess, aren’t you? I’m sure you can hold it all in.”

The use of the word “princess” makes Lucille’s heart skip a beat, something in her chest fluttering with erotic love. After discovering Alex had this kink for seeing pretty women hold their pee, Lucille had offered to indulge Alex’s kink for them after their date. “B-But, uh, I really gotta go, Alex. Do I really have to hold it?”

“Yeees, you do, Lucille,” Alex coos back. “You wouldn’t want to miss any of our show, would you?”

“U-Uhhh… But…” Looking over at Alex, Lucille blushes at the look they give as they admire her. Lucille loves when Alex looks at her like that. “Never mind… I’ll hold it.”

“Good girl,” Alex replies as they give Lucille another kiss on the cheek. “You know I love you, Lucille my lovely little princess?”

“I-I, yes, I do…”

Together like that, the two of them traveled back to Alex’s place, a small townhouse/apartment fusion of sorts. It’s quiet and somewhat secluded, a perfect place to lazily cuddle after a date. As Lucille walks in and drops her bag on the floor, Alex sneaks up behind her and wraps their hands around her chest, arms settling right below Lucille’s breasts as they nestle their chin into the crook of her neck.

Larger and taller than Alex, Lucille’s body is plump and cuddleable, very distinct from Alex’s skinny form. Lucille often feels the need to make sure Alex gets enough to eat, especially when she realizes she can easily feel their ribs through their chest. It helps that Lucille is a good cook.

Even with a full bladder, Lucille can’t help but hum contently at Alex’s gentle touches. “Hi,” she says as she looks over to the side to see the top of Aya’s fluffy head laying a gentle kiss on her neck. Trailing their hands over Lucille’s chest- and absolutely taking the opportunity to feel up her tits- Alex begins to play with Lucille’s frizzy hair, absentmindedly wrapping it around their fingers.

“Hi princess… Would you mind if I…” Their hands fidgeting with the hooks on Lucille’s overalls, Alex begins to undo them. “You know, it was hot outside… you should dress down a little, and then cuddle up with me.”

“Ahhh… I’m worried you’ll take the shirt off and then I’ll stink up the whole room, though.”

“So? Then we can just take off even more clothes and go take a shower,” continues Alex as they finish undoing Lucille’s overalls, letting them drop down to her feet and revealing a pair of lilac women’s boxers. They also pull at the base of Lyra’s yellow shirt she was wearing under her overalls, tossing it aside as they lay gentle hands across her tummy and chest. “Especially this stupid sports bra, getting in the way…”

Though at first the thought makes Lucille smile, she remembers the presence of a toilet in that same bathroom as her bladder reminds her of its need. “Ahhh, I’m not sure I’d be able to handle that right now,” she mutters as she softly bounces in Alex’s arms.

“That’s okay,” Alex softly mutters. “Wanna watch our show, princess?”

After loading up the show, Alex sat down on the couch with their hand gently nestled into Lucille’s hair, who had moved to sit on the floor next to them. Alex’s slender body is perfect for languidly resting your head against; even still, her head nestled into their thigh, Lucille’s bladder never lets her forget about it. And as more and more of the water from her picnic filters through her, kidneys pushing more and more liquid into her bladder, the sensation just gets stronger and stronger. In just a few minutes, she had already planted a hand between her thighs out of instinct.

Noticing Lucille’s visible show of desperation, Alex reaches a hand out to nestle gently into Lucille’s hair. “You alright, love? Want me to get you some water?” they say with a smirk.

“U- Uh, no, I’m-”

“Oh, no, I insist.” Alex gets up and fishes a bottle of water out of the box, pressing it into Lucille’s hands as they scoop her up and onto the couch to hold her a little closer. “You need to stay hydrated, princess.”

Pressing their forehead to Lucille’s and giving an expression of utmost love and care, Alex does a wonderful job at melting their girlfriend’s heart. Lucille can’t say no. “A-Alright,” she mutters in defeat, unscrewing the bottle and beginning to sip on it even as she knows it will put even more weight on her bladder.

“Goooooood,” Alex coos as they gently scratch Lucille’s scalp and press a gentle kiss to her lips. “Good girl. Do you wanna snuggle with me?”

A blush forming on her cheeks, Lucille looks away and tries to avoid thinking about how much she’s loving this. “Y-Yes, obviously,” she snarks as she nestles into their side.

Alex didn’t let Lucille continue without finishing the entire bottle of water, the third one of the night. As roughly half an hour passes, the light from the sun shining into the window has turned a brilliant orange, and Lucille can’t take her hands out from between her legs. Her plump thighs smoosh around her wrist, creating a lovely sight for Alex by her side; and the way she bounces, her face growing more and more worried, makes their heart melt.

For Lucille, she’s not thinking much about how pretty she is. She’s thinking about the liquid trickling down through her body, bladder screaming about how much it needs to be emptied. It’s the worst she’s needed the bathroom in a very long time; she looks over with jealousy at the bathroom door, knowing she’s not allowed to step inside and relieve herself.

“Hmm,” Alex hums as they lay a hand on their lover’s cheek, looking towards their lovely girlfriend with their foreheads touching. “Are you okay, princess? Can I get a stoplight?”

“Green,” Lucille immediately answers without hesitation. When Alex talks to her this way, it makes her heart melt. The way they hold her there, even in her urgency… “Can I please go pee? I really, really gotta go, love…”

Smirking in amusement, Alex wraps their hands around Lucille’s waist, massaging their dark skin. They glance down at her body, taking in the sight of her curvy body contrasting against the soft colors of her women’s boxers and sports bra, the hands smooshed in-between her legs to cradle her heavy bladder. “You can’t, love,” Aya explains as they kiss her with a smile. “You’re a princess. Good princesses hold in their pee, no matter what. So, be a good girl and keep it all in for me, okay?”

“A-Alex, I-” Trying as hard as she can to think, Lucille squeezes her thighs together and squirms in her seat. “I bet if you could, you’d make me hold it for the rest of time, you perv,” Lucille says with a faux glare and a tsundere lilt to her voice. “Keep giving me water and never letting me go to the bathroom and just making me into your little… Uh… h-honeypot ant, or something,” The two giggle with each other as Lucille’s ability to form coherent sentences clearly begins to break down.

“Y’know, I can’t exactly say you’re wrong,” Alex admits, wrapping their arms around tighter with a finger on the back of Lucille’s sports bra, applying gentle pressure against her back. “And honestly? You’d love that, wouldn’t you? You’d love being sweet Princess Honeypot, drinking lots and lots of water and then holding it aaaaaaaaall in until your little bladder swells to its limit.”

Looking up at their partner, Alex can tell they’re starting to get at something deep within Lucille’s heart as she averts her eyes; her cheeks are a deep red, eyebrows furrowed in embarrassment. “I- I mean- Uh,” Lucille splutters out, continuing to gently wiggle her hips out of desperation.

Suddenly, a memory pops back into Lucille’s mind. A memory of when she was younger, out at an archaeology museum. She had asked her mom to take her to go pee; the bathroom was on a lower floor, so she rode the elevator down, hand nestled gently into mom’s… and then the elevator stalled. Lucille obviously got out safely but not after trying to hold her pee for three and a half hours, only to have an accident in her pants. And to add insult to injury, she still had to sit there in the elevator for another hour, steeping in the embarrassment of not being able to control herself.

With those memories resurfacing, Lucille vividly recalls the sensations she felt that day: holding on so tightly that she could think of nothing else, her pelvic floor muscles getting more and more tired every minute, exerting all her energy despite barely moving. She feels very similar sensations between her thighs, all of her water from her date filtering down to her bladder. It’s so incredibly pervasive and overwhelming, but it’s not unpleasant. It’s almost invigorating; She remembers feeling the same back in the elevator, only feeling distressed because she knew she had to hold on or risk making a fool of herself. But this time, the need to hold her pee comes not from a place of distress or embarrassment but from love for her kind and gentle datefriend. She’s no longer terrified of the pressure, her heart able to flutter at the thought of what she’s doing and what might happen if she…

As these thoughts run through Lucille’s tired brain, she gently pulls a hand out from between her legs and places it gently on Alex’s hip, tracing fingers across their skin. Alex gasps at the touches, feeling Lucille’s hand trace up their body and lift their shirt from their chest. “W-Woah, love, did I push the right buttons?” After having been microdosing on estradiol for a couple months now, Alex’s chest has began to grow soft, if not quite busty; Lucille’s hands run over their chest as their foreheads touch, Lucille wanting nothing more than to feel Alex closer to her.

“You sure are cuddly now, huh?” Alex presses a kiss to Lucille’s soft lips. “I guess I should return the favor,” they say as they pull away to pick at the front-clasp of Lucille’s sports bra. Complementing the rest of her figure, Lucille’s chest is very much on the larger side; when the front clasp comes fully undone, the cups are pushed open as her breasts pop out and make themselves known to the eyes of a lustful Alex. They cup a hand on the sides of each breast and eagerly reach forward to lay a kiss about an inch over Lucille’s left nipple, pressing into her soft chest as she holds them steady with her free hand. Lucille’s other hand, of course, is buried deep between her thighs to cradle the hot ocean of pee within her tummy.

Glancing down at her lover, Lucille spots Alex glancing back up in return, big eyes melting her heart. They climb up her body to meet eye-to-eye, pressing a deep and passionate kiss to her lips. The moment finally distracts Lucille enough to ignore her need, pulling one more hand out from between her legs and laying it across Alex’s shoulders; she hums gently, enjoying the feeling of Alex’s body pressing against hers as Alex enjoys the feeling of Lucille’s pressed against their own. Lucille doesn’t want the moment to end.

Unfortunately, Alex soon makes the moment end as they pull away. “I’m sorry to interrupt, love, but I have to go to the bathroom.”

They don’t wait for a reaction as they get up, sauntering over to the bathroom door and leaving Lucille in the dust. “H- Hey, wait!” Lucille shouts out with exasperation as she pushes herself up and follows behind. “How come you get to piss but I don’t???”

As they stand in front of the toilet, Alex glances back smugly at Lucille who stands with her fists balled in the doorframe. “Did you forget, love?” they say with a smile as they glance back at her, “I’m not a princess.”

When the sound of trickling water immediately rings through the bathroom, Lucille feels her tired bladder surge desperately with need; she presses her thighs tightly together, nearly hopping from foot to foot as she reaches her hands back down to hold on tightly to her pussy. “Nnnnngh- Alex, you…”

“Hah, it feels so good to let it all out,” Alex teases. “I was holding it all in for a while myself, y’know. Y-”

Before Alex can finish their sentence, they feel Lucille press up against their body, especially her large chest smooshing against their bare back. She breathes out sensually, running her hands down their body. “Ahh, stooooop-” Alex whines, grinning with laughter as they glance over to Lucille resting her head on their shoulder, reaching a hand down and gently laying it on the underside of Alex’s penis, feeling the pee rush through. “I’m going to get excited and then I’ll make a mess-”

Suddenly, though, they realize that Lucille is being quite gentle rather than just jacking Alex off, looking over their shoulder and aiming for them. Without having the same anatomy, Lucille clearly isn’t as experienced with aiming, and struggles to keep the stream behaving while Alex grows visibly excited with Lucille pressing against their back.

Not long after, though, Alex’s stream peters to a stop, giving them a chance to pull their skirt back up. They turn around and guide Lucille back to the main room, knowing that it’s hard for her to walk with so much hot liquid in her tummy. They can tell just by looking at her, seeing her raise her knees up and down and regularly twist her thick thighs around each other, a sight that makes Alex blush.

“A-Alex… I…” Demurely glancing at her lover, Lucille can’t make herself hold still at all. The pervasive feeling of fullness makes it impossible, her heart fluttering from her inability to focus on much else, knowing what’s inside her body. “I’m not sure how much longer I can hold it. Please let me go pee… I don’t wanna…”

“Don’t want to what?” Resting their forehead against Lucille’s, Alex smiles down at their fidgety girlfriend, enjoying the worried expression on her face and the way she keeps bouncing up and down from need, absolutely enamored with her beauty. “You know there’s nothing you need to worry about, right? I’m right here.”

“B-But, but…” As Lucille tries to speak, Alex can see a tear well at the edge of her left eye. At first they figure it’s just from her need, but they begin to realize it might be a little more than that.

“Should I… Should I ask for a stoplight?” Alex asks, tilting their head in concern. “You can stop if you want me to.”

“I- I don’t want to stop!” Lucille shouts out, startling Alex with her voice. When she notices what she just did, she looks away out of guilt. “I- I’m sorry, I just… I don’t want to stop. I love the way you look at me, but… it’s barely been an hour and I already feel like I’m about to have an accident, and, and I don’t want to disappoint you Alex, and…”

“Hey, woah, woah.” Speaking with a reassuring tone, Alex wraps his hand around Lucille’s waist, hoping to help her feel more relaxed in their arms. “You think you’re disappointing me? How?”

“Because… didn’t you say it was like… you wanted to see a girl hold their pee for hours. You talked about how hot it is to imagine her having not used the restroom for eight or ten hours, but by the time I try to be that girl for you I can’t even manage one. I-”

“Hey, hey, stop yourself right there, sister.” Alex presses a finger to Lucille’s lips, gently shushing her. “I don’t care about numbers, I care about you. I care about you because you’re my amazing, strong and lovely girlfriend. Do you have any idea how honored I am that you consider me your lover, let alone that you went out of your way to step out of your comfort zone and explore a particularly difficult kink, all for me? You’re the most beautiful girl in the world, Lucille, and there’s nothing you can do to make me believe otherwise.”

As the words sink into her mind, Lucille softly blushes, relaxing her shoulders a little. “I’m… I’m the most beautiful girl in the… Mmn-” Suddenly pulling away, Lucille squeezes even harder than ever before, her hands buried deep between her thighs. When her eyes open again, they’re wavery, betraying a tiny bit of shock. “A-Alex, I just peed a little,” Lucille bursts out, her chest rising up and down from the sudden burst of adrenaline. “Alex, I, please let me go pee, I have to pee so badly, I feel like I’m about to explode, ahhh-”

Intrigued, Alex steps around towards Lucille’s behind, getting down on one knee to inspect the damage. Indeed, around the bottom of her ass, a softball-sized wet spot wraps around her body, the occasional drop still running down the insides of her thighs. Her muscles are under control, but it’s clear they won’t be able to hold on for much longer. “My, what a naughty princess you’ve been!” As Alex speaks, they stand back up on their feet and softly spoon Lucille from behind, pressing a kiss to her neck. “You’ve not been doing a good job at controlling yourself, have you?”

“Ahhh, uh, no, I haven’t-” Lucille splutters out, bouncing on the balls of her feet as she feels one of Alex’s arms run up to her chest, right above her ample breasts. I- I’ve been a very bad princess, are… are you going to punish me?”

“Mmm, I’ll be forgiving, for now.” As Alex replies, their voice turns softer and more sensual, enjoying the way Lucille grows flustered at the prospect of being punished. “You’ve been holding it all in for so long, and after I made you drink so much water, too. It must feel so good, doesn’t it? The ocean of hot pee, pressing with all its might against your pussy, demanding to rush out at any moment, and you still hold it all back. Is that true, Lucille?”

“Mmn…” Thinking again about her bladder, Lucille’s memories again turn to that scene from years ago on the elevator, how she no longer feels embarrassed at the possibility of what might happen should she continue to hold her bladder locked as tight as possible, unlike back then. It’s… so exhilarating. “It’s true.”

“That’s good. You’ve been such a good princess, Lucille, never giving up.” The hand over Lucille’s chest slowly trails down her body, stopping at the bottom of her tummy a few inches below her belly button. The other trails around her backside, slipping under her butt and between her thighs to lay a couple fingers over her vulva through her boxers. Pushing Lucille’s fingers out of the way, Alex applies a gently electrifying pressure that frankly doesn’t help Lucille hold in any of her pee.

Unable to hold onto her pussy, Lucille instead balls her fists at her side, relying only on her pelvic floor to hold her overfull bladder steady. Alex touching her on just the right spot shocks her a little, her cheeks growing flushed. “St-stooop, Alex!” she cries with a lighthearted tone. “You’re gonna make me piss my pants!”

“Hmm? I thought that was what you wanted, love,” Alex replies with faux confusion. Using one of their feet, they gently push one of Lucille’s feet about a foot away from the other, holding it there so Lucille can’t press her thighs together.“You wanted to feel it all rush out of you, the intense relief of letting the pressure release itself. I’ll even throw in a gentle massage. How’s that sound?”

When Lucille found out about Alex’s kink, she knew that it included wetting, but she honestly forgot that Alex had asked if she was willing to do so. She agreed, not only because she knew Alex liked it, but because of that memory of the elevator making her heart flutter whenever she considered the thought. She hadn’t even thought about it until now.

“I… I want it so badly…” Breathing her words out, Lucille lets her head fall to the side, relaxing onto Alex’s shoulder. “I need it.”

“Well, then… It’s your lucky day, princess. Now just relax and imagine warm ocean waves, okay love?”

Before the thought can actually hit Lucille’s brain, Alex suddenly squeezes down on Lucille’s bladder, just barely enough that Lucille’s muscles are overwhelmed by the sudden increase in pressure, but not so much that it hurts. Instinctively she tries so hard to keep holding on, but as Alex whispers gently in her ear as they rub her, the pent-up liquid pounding on her pussy, Lucille can’t resist. With a soft exhale, she lets her muscles give in.

Hot liquid begins to flood from Lucille’s vulva, completely soaking Alex’s hand. They hear Lucille let out an exhale, the ecstasy of letting out so much pressure and the pee rushing out of her at an intense rate. Alex continues to stroke her as the liquid drips between their fingers, enjoying the sound of Lucille letting out a deep, visceral moan of relief.

“Goooooooood girl,” Alex coos as they press a gentle kiss to Lucille’s shoulder. They pull their hand away from Lucille’s tummy, letting her bladder finish on its own time, instead raising a hand up to her chest to apply a bit of gentle pressure, and definitely not also to feel up her tits. “Doesn’t it feel good? It’s what you deserve, princess.”

“It… It doeessss,” Lucille exhales, her voice hitching on something primal within her. Her fists unball themselves, resting gently against the inside of her thighs, feeling hot liquid rush under them down the threads of her undies. Her shoulders hang low, entire body relaxing into the overwhelming sensation, almost falling over until Alex tightens their grip to hold her steady. “It feels so good.”

As Alex continues to stroke their lover, the liquid adds a bit of smoothness, preventing the fabric from chafing against Lucille’s skin. “Oh my gosh, you’re pouring out like a fountain, you must have been holding in so much.”

Choosing to say little more, Alex purses their lips and presses them to the top of Lucille’s left shoulder, gently sucking with intent to leave a hickey. They let Lucille relax, chest gently rising with deep breaths of air as thirty, forty-five seconds pass without the stream stopping. But, eventually, it does stop, dribbling for just a few seconds before Lucille’s bladder is left completely empty. “Do you feel better, love?” Alex asks, a loving tone to their voice as they look up at the side of Lucille’s gorgeous face.

“Uhhh… yeah… I feel so empty.” Lucille breathes their words out, glancing over at Alex on her side. “I, uh, I came, too…” she admits with a blush. “It felt… really, really good. All of it, not just… y’know…”

“Haha, how naughty,” Alex teases. “You loved the way I touched you, huh? Unashamed about what you just did?”

“Well, yeah, because you wouldn’t leave my pussy alone!!” Lucille ejects, her voice mildly exasperated but still full of love. “You kept stroking and stroking, and I just kept peeing and peeing, and I…” Her brain slowly kicking back into gear, Lucille glances down at the mess she rendered her undies in, having utterly soaked them with warm liquid. She pulls away, twisting around to try and expect the damage; there’s a large puddle at her feet, tinting the tiled floor slightly yellow. “Oh my god, I even got your skirt wet, I made such a mess.”

“You see that? That was all inside you, love.” Reaching forward to give Lucille a gentle kiss on the lips, hands resting on her sides, Alex calms Lucille down with their presence, feeling their breath gently slow down. “You held so much in, for so long, like the beautiful princess that you are. Now, let’s get you cleaned up.”

A hand around her waist, Alex guides Lucille over to the bathroom, the same one where they had forced her to hold an overfull bladder while emptying their own right in front of them. When Lucille catches a glimpse of her soaked underwear in the mirror, she can’t help but blush as she sees that the inner half of her thighs are completely saturated. She turns around to inspect the damage from the back, and sees an even wider wet patch. “Mmm, it kinda makes my ass look nice, dont’cha agree Alex?” she says, sticking her ass out. “Like, the way the wet spot curves around like th- Ohp-”

Lucille isn’t expecting Alex to slap her ass, but the small sting makes her blush deeply, letting out a sigh as she lustfully rubs the inside of her thighs. Turning around, she lunges forward to grab Alex’s waist and smooch them deeply, pressing up tightly against their body. When Alex gets so close as to feel Lucille’s pee-soaked underwear against their skin, they jump away with a gasp. “Woah, girl, slow down-” they splutter out, looking up at their girlfriend with a bit of shock and a light chuckle. “I mean, I’m honored???"

“O-Oh shit, I-” Lucille pulls away suddenly, scratching her arm and averting her eyes. “I’m sorry, I got too excited. I hope I didn’t make you uncomfortable.”

“You didn’t, love.” Reaching forward, Alex stands up on their tippytoes to kiss Lucille on the lips. “You just need to get you cleaned up first. You haven’t even taken off your underwear, for one,” Alex explains as he lovingly trails his fingers down to Lucille’s hips, grabbing the waistband of her still-wet lilac boxers and pulling them down to her ankles. They glance back up at Lucille to see her demurely cover herself out of instinct in the most adorable way.

When Alex stands back up, Lucille follows in Alex’s footsteps and squats down, hands around the waistband of their skirt; they can see some long wet streaks, warm from her pee running down the back of her legs and soaking into their skirt. When they pull it down, Alex’s penis flops out and nearly whacks Lucille in the face; clearly Alex is getting very excited. “Hah, sorry,” they say as Lucille blinks the shock away.

Now that the two of them are fully naked, Alex steps away from Lucille and begins to run a warm shower, waiting a moment so the water can warm up. They step in, Lucille following soon after and taking Alex in arms, letting the hot water cascade over their bodies. Looking into eachother’s eyes, Lucille places their arms around Alex’s waist as they return the favor by resting their hands on Lucille’s hips, encouraging Lucille to sway her hips side-to-side in Alex’s hands. “I already showered earlier for our date,” Lucille begins. “Did you?”

“I did. I bet we can get away with just a quick soaping down.”

“You’re probably right,” Lucille admits as she reaches out to grab a body sponge and squirt it with soap. She lovingly scrubs down Alex, especially around their legs where she had accidentally peed on them. “So…” Lucille begins nervously, averting her eyes out of nervousness. “Did I… do a good job? I know I didn’t exactly hold my pee for a super long time… what did you like most?”

“You absolutely did a good job, sweetie,” Alex quickly interjects. “Remember what I said earlier? I don’t care about how numbers, I care that you love me and are willing to explore something new for me. I’m incredibly honored you did this for me and I am incredibly in love with you.”

Lucille stands up, meeting Alex face-to-face again and pressing the body sponge into their hand. “Hah, thanks…” they mutter, glancing away from her lover out of embarrassment. It’s always hard to look at them when you’re both naked. “But like, is there anything else you want to try? I can’t imagine we just experienced the full piss package. God, did I really just say that?” Letting out a giggle at her word choice, Lucille smiles as Alex reacts in turn with a laugh of their own.

“You know, it’s honestly a pretty broad kind of thing. Some people like to have sex when they still have to pee, or even just peeing directly on someone. That, uh, last one is specifically called watersports. Or, you could switch up the roles, you could make me hold my pee one day.”

“Hah, some of those do sound kinda hot. I’ll have to think about it more… Just, promise me we’ll do this another time, okay?” Lucille sticks a leg out to the side to give Alex easier access. “I just, when you called me ‘princess’, giving me those gentle affirmations to keep holding it in for you, it really made my heart flutter. I… really love that you think of me like that. It makes me feel better about myself, a little bit more confident.”

“Of course, Lucille. You deserve to feel wonderful, because you are wonderful.” Standing back up and bringing the body sponge to Lucille’s chest, Alex rests their forehead against Lucille’s, absentmindedly scrubbing on her body. “You’re the most wonderful girl in the world.”

“Aaaaah,” Lucille quietly mutters, “You’re wonderful too.” As she feels Alex bring their hands close to her chest, Lucille brings herself closer to Alex, a blush on her cheeks. The feeling of Alex’s gentle fingers against her breasts makes Lucille push closer, putting a hand on the side of Alex’s forearm to hold a hand on the side of her breast. Alex can hear her breathe deeply as she starts pushing further and further.

When Lucille gets so close as to feel Alex’s dick touch the insides of her thighs, as much as she wants to go even further it makes her realize just how close they are. Blushing deeply, Lucille immediately pulls away. “Ah, I’m sorry… Am I going too fast?”

“No, no, you’re not, love.” Alex leans in for a kiss, planting their lips on Lucille’s cheek. “You really want me, do you?”

“Oh my god I do.” Confirming her desire, Lucille folds her hands at her front, rubbing her thighs together out of a need for stimulation. Her face is red as a beet. “Please hurry up, I can’t wait any longer, I need to fuck you right now.”

“Haha, okay, just give me a moment.” Reaching around Lucille to turn the water off, Alex can hear Lucille whimper as the hot water ceases to protect her bare skin from the cold air. They hang the body sponge up and grab a towel, wrapping it gently around the two of them and drying themselves off.

Since the two horny, blushy partners had finished their shower, the sun had set and cast darkness across the room. When she turns the light back on, Lucille catches a glimpse of the puddle of her pee that she left behind a few minutes ago. “Mmm, we should clean that up,” she says as she undoes the towel from their bodies and lays it over the puddle, putting her hands on her hips in satisfaction for her attentiveness. “There we go. I hope it doesn’t damage the floor or-”

“Hey, princess, let’s not worry about that right now.”

As Lucille glances over at the source of the voice, they see their partner Alex sitting on the couch, patting the spot next to them with a gentle smile accentuated by their immaculate cheekbones. Their demure, twinkish body rests against the soft cushions, a body that reflect’s Alex’s gentle and effeminate yet strong and unyielding personality. Lucille loves running her hands down their body and feeling the different textures, feeling both soft cuddleable skin and dependable edges and contours.

As Lucille turns towards her lover she puts her fingers together out of nervousness, averting her eyes in the most adorable way. Her datefriend takes a moment to take in the lovely sight of Lucille’s body, a stocky-yet-curvy form that’s so soft, Alex can easily press into her tummy or chest and feel so comfortable whenever they make out. Despite her chubby cheeks, her face is far from a babyface; it elegantly reflects happiness and emotion, and it is so goddamn kissable.

When the princess sits down on the couch besides her consort, she nestles in even closer, letting their hips touch. Alex lays a hand on Lucille’s thighs as they look into eachother’s eyes, getting close enough to kiss eachother directly on the lips. Lucille pulls Alex back up into a stand, wanting to press her entire body into theirs just as she had done so earlier. She blushes and lets out a sigh when she feels Alex’s penis between her thighs, enjoying the way their expression contorts into one of primal love.

Her hands on the small of Alex’s back, Lucille pulls Alex forward as far as she can and presses her thighs together, squeezing Alex’s dick in the soft fat of her thick thighs. Pressing a kiss to Alex’s lips, she does her best to slowly get them more and more excited until their tip begins to brush against her sensitive pussy. It’s wet, more than wet enough to comfortably smash, but Alex can tell Lucille will get herself pregnant if they don’t try and slow things down.

“H- Hey, wait-” Alex splutters out. “I don’t even have a condom on, give me a moment.” Wrestling themself out of Lucille’s hormonal grip, Alex hurries over to their bedside table and digs a condom out of their drawer. Looking back as they put it on, they can see Lucille press her thighs together, clearly impatient, soon walking forward to take Alex in arms again as soon as she can. “Wow, you’re eager,” Alex jokes, smiling up at Lucille. “What, are you going to pin me to the wall?”

“Oh hey, that’s a great idea!” Lucille says with a smile, pulling Alex aside to keep him trapped between the wall and her body. “Are you ready?” she asks with a devilish smirk.

Alex can’t help but smile as their cheeks turn a deep red. “More than ready.”

With the confirmation given, Lucille presses her soft body up against Alex, putting her hands on the sides of their cheeks and kissing feverishly. Her thighs again begin to squeeze their dick, feeling the tip brush against her sensitive pussy and wanting more. In return Alex places their hands on Lucille’s hips, feeling up the curves of her body and pulling her closer.

Slowly but surely, Alex’s penis begins to part Lucille’s pussy and slide in, Lucille spreading her legs to try and push it in further. She starts to repeatedly push on their dick, slowly speeding up and pushing more and more often. “Just- Just like that,” Alex suddenly says, prompting Lucille to stay at her current pace and keep pumping.

Hoping to help things along a little. Alex takes a hand and does their best to slide it between their bodies and touch Lucille’s clitoris. Emboldened by the extra stimulation, Lucille begins to pump with more strength, trying to maintain the same pace but with a bit more effort. She makes a soft noise with each pump as she makes out furiously with Alex, feeling their cock bring her closer and closer to the edge. Alex, likewise, grows closer to orgasm with every passing second.

With a sudden thump, Lucille’s hand lands squarely on the drywall beside Alex’s head, forcing herself forward so Alex’s face ends up buried in her breasts. The feeling of her soft body and the pressure she’s putting on their dick finally pushes Alex over the edge, moaning into Lucille’s chest as they feel waves wash over them. It’s not long before Lucille reaches the same level, the overwhelming stimulation pushing her into a deep shuddering climax.

As the two of them deflate, Alex almost falls over as they feel exhaustion wash over their body. “Ohhhhhh my god,” they splutter out, continuing to push a little but quickly slowing down to rest. “No more, no more… God, that… Ahhh…” Pulling their damp hand out from between their bodies, Alex can barely stand up.

“That was amazing?” Lucille completes Alex’s statement as she holds onto her lover and gently carries them over to the couch, letting them rest. “That was amazing because you’re hot as shit and I love you?”

“Yeah, something like that…”

As Lucille smiles at her lover she realizes just how exhausted they are, letting out a soft giggle from how quickly they seem to fall asleep after sex. Grabbing a bunch of tissues off of the couchside cabinet, Lucille stands up and begins to clean up after the two of them. They sure made a big mess…

Spending the next few minutes cleaning herself and her lover up, Lucille tosses all of the tissues and slumps tiredly against the couch, wrapping an arm around Alex’s shoulder. They look so peaceful… She really hopes they’ll get to do this again, all of it. Realizing she should probably get some rest herself, Lucille pulls a blanket up and over their bodies, laying down beside Alex and letting the two of them drift off into sleep.

*002*2023-04-17 02:19

{{22 hours ago, Paulbmallc said:

Wow, this may be the sweetest fic I've read in a while. I really loved it, can't wait for the next chapter!

}}

Awww you have no idea how much of a complement this is.

