Pissing Anywhere I want to (female)

Author: Lydia0

*000*2018-03-29 21:36

I wrote this ages ago and found this in a docs file, and I didn't try very hard. It isn't entirely my idea, and in this story sex and omo (not much holding, just wetness) are very closely linked. If I get enough support I might write another chapter, or another story altogether if I get a good idea or recommendation from someone. I love the idea of being able to piss wherever I want and not having to clean anything up!

Katie was just a normal girl, age 18. She was just wearing a tshirt and some tight jean shorts. It just turned summer break and she was walking through a thrift store when she saw a peculiar device. She thought it looked interesting, so she went through the check out and bought the item. It looked like it had some sort of microphone and button on it, somewhat like a voice recorder. She held it up to her lips, and said, “I wish I had one thousand dollars.” She felt a sort of bulge in her pocket and looked down. Inside her pocket, was 10 100 dollar bills! She felt so amazed! She went home to try out this new device and see what it was really capable of.

She arrived at her house and sat down, just wondering what to do. She said into the device. “I wish I had my own house!” It seemed as if nothing happened, until she had an idea. She opened up her phone, and said, “Google, take me home.” Her phone started directing her across the street. She hopped in her car and went there! In her pocket, she found a key. She knew exactly what it was for. It fit the lock! The house looked absolutely beautiful, fully stocked with luxuries and furniture and food! It was completely empty except for her!

She sat down on the couch she saw as she walked in. She suddenly felt the strong urge to pee. She was about to try to find a restroom, but then she sat back down. She really had to piss, but she had a few ideas. No one at all could see her, right? She thought about it for a second, and then she started to let out a small stream, until soon she was letting it all out full force into her pants. It felt so good to release all that piss onto herself, without even getting up. She sat back and relaxed onto the couch, still pissing full force. It was so warm and wet. She put her hand in her pants and started to touch herself, as she kept on pissing. The couch was absolutely covered. Her stream of piss went on for a really long time, until it slowed down and she let out the last bit of piss.

She felt so relieved as she closed her eyes and just thought about how amazing that felt. She moved her legs around a bit in the enormous puddle of piss she was laying in. She then held the device up to her lips and said “I wish this couch was completely clean.” She suddenly felt the wet couch change from under her, and then it was all dry. Her pants and shirt were still absolutely soaked, but she almost liked it. She got up and closed all the windows, then she pretty much threw her clothes out onto the floor until she was completely naked. She loved the feeling! She went out to explore the rest out the house, without her clothes of course!

There were three whole floors to herself. Floor one was where she was at, in the family room with a tv and a couch. There was also a kitchen, along with two more random rooms and a garage. Katie grabbed the whole jug of lemonade from the fridge and continued on. Floor two had three bedrooms and a bathroom, pfft, who the hell needs those? Floor three was pretty much just one room, but it looked like the ultimate area to just hang out all day. It had a nice big tv, a couch, a fridge, and a bed. Katie drank the whole gallon of lemonade by this point, so she just threw the trash across the room and jumped in bed. Her naked body felt so good against the sheets, she jumped under the covers and fell asleep instantly.

She woke up a few hours later. It was about midnight, and she had to pee really badly. She got up to go to the restroom until she realized where she was. She jumped back under the covers. She had to pee so bad it burned. Katie tried to hold on to it to challenge herself, but she just couldn’t. It started to come out of her full force onto the bedsheets! She absolutely couldn’t resist moving her hand down toward her crotch and rubbing her pussy. She started to rub it faster, until she stuck one finger inside and then two. She was touching herself for six whole minutes as she was pissing full force onto the bed the whole time.

She came so hard and squirted so much along with the piss on the bed. She went back to reality and opened her eyes. How in the world was she still pissing? She thought she must just be feeling things but she grabbed her crotch and piss was still coming out full force. Piss was almost spilling over the sides of the bed! She absolutely loved it, but she was amazed! This was way more than she drank! Still pissing, she got out of bed and stood up. She put her legs together and felt the warm piss flow across them and onto the carpet. She still felt very full, and it was so relieving to keep going. She layed down on the floor and just relaxed while the stream slowly stopped. Everything was absolutely soaked! She pissed for almost 10(it's not meant to be realistic) minutes! It felt so good!

She jumped back in the bed and layed in the wet warm puddle of piss she created. Next to her bed was that device. She pressed the button and said, “I wish this mess was all cleaned up.” She felt the bed go from soaked to just like new and there was no longer a huge puddle of piss on the floor. She got up from bed and layed down on the couch, still completely naked from yesterday. She thought about how worried her parents must be, but she just told the device to make them not worried any more. She went to get her clothes, which were still on the floor and still soaked. She pressed the button on the device once more, and said “I wish my clothes were like new again.” She then put them back on.

It felt so different having clothes on, she loved being naked but she couldn’t be like that in public. She was going to try to go to the store to buy some more things to add to her house, with the money the device gave her, but then she thought about something. What if she needed to use the restroom in public? She asked the device to give her a pack of diapers just her size! They then instantly appeared sitting on the table next to the door. She took her pants off, threw her her panties away and put one of the diapers on. It felt very comfy, so she put back on her shorts. She liked it way better than her panties.

Katie wanted to try it out, so she sat back on the couch and gave herself a full bladder with the device. She could instantly feel the pressure from her bladder building up inside her, so she let it all flow out. It started out with a small stream until she was going full force in her diaper. It was so relieving to know that she never had to get up to go to the restroom, all she had to do was let it all out anywhere she wanted, and no one would know! She layed there for 2 minutes or so, just letting out all of her piss, yet her diaper was still completely dry on the outside.

