Sirius and Remus Drive home from work

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2023-08-19 18:32

Sirius was just leaving work when he felt a pang in his bladder, so he ignored it and hopped on his bike thinking he will just go when he gets back home. Once he started driving the need become more apparent and he had to give himself a quick squeeze while making sure to focus on the road.

His need to piss rose desperately as he continued his drive home.

But then he suddenly remembered he was meant to pick Remus up so he quickly stopped his bike and gave him a quick ring.

‘Hello Remus where do I need to pick you up from’ said Sirius.

‘Just outside the entrance you dropped me off this morning’ replied Remus ‘please hurry I’m dying for a piss’

‘Ok, and me too I thought I would be able to make it home now I’m not so sure, I will be with you in 10 minutes’ Sirius said in a rush, giving his dick another quick squeeze.

Those 10 minutes seemed to drag for Remus as he paced up and down the pavement trying to stave off his desperation. ‘Hurry up Sirius I’m about to piss myself’ he muttered.

Sirius was having a hard time concentrating on the drive, he couldn’t fly it as it was too busy but as soon as he picks up Remus they will be flying high so they are out of sight in case the worse should happen and they piss themselves.

Neither of them wanted to piss themselves as they wanted to release it over each other at home but it might not be a possibility with how desperate they both are.

Finally Sirius pulled up to pick up Remus and quickly hopped off his bike and immediately crossed his legs to ride through the desperation.

Remus seeing this pushed his desperation further and he had to squeeze his dick tightly to keep from leaking.

‘We need to get home now I’m about to piss my pants’ Remus rushed out while trying to put his helmet on quickly so he could hold himself again.

Sirius was frantically looking around for somewhere to piss but it was too open so he hopped back on his bike moaning quietly as now he wouldn’t be able to hold himself as he was driving.

Remus followed as the quicker they leave the quicker they get home to have some fun and get the relief they so desperately want.

As Sirius started driving he spurted into his pants and moaned loudly as he tried to hold on.

‘Remus help I’m about to piss myself, I just leaked’

‘So I am Sirius, I don’t think I’m going to make it home’

‘Remus grab my dick and squeeze hopefully that will help’

Remus grabbed his own dick with one hand and squeezed and with the other reached around and grabbed Sirius’ to help he hold it.

Sirius signed it relief as it was helping. He was able to concentrate on driving and was able to get them high in the air before he lost another spurt which wet Remus hand. Remus rubbed the head of Sirius and his own dick spreading the wetness.

‘I’ve got to piss and I’ve got to piss now’ screamed Remus from behind.

Sirius felt his back warm up and Remus started pissing himself, he let go of Sirius’ dick and frantically tried to open his trousers all while trying to stop the flow. He managed to slow it down to a dribble.

‘Remus what are you doing we are in the air’ Sirius asked.

‘I’ve got to piss and it’s already started and I’ve barely stopped and I don’t want to ruin your bike so I’m pissing off it to the ground and hope I don’t hit anyone’ replied Remus, still trying to undo his fly.

Sirius started whimpering as he had lost the pressure on his dick so it was releasing a few spurts while he desperately tried to hold it a little longer.

Remus finally got his zipper undone and fished of he leaking dick which chose that moment to stop holding back and released his hold. Remus screamed ‘no no no no no, not yet please 1 more second’ but it was too late he was pissing, he quickly pulled out his rebellious firehose and aim his piss off the side of the bike, he was now pissing full power with no signs of stopping.

He slumped against Sirius in relief but heard he groan and asked ‘what’s wrong’

Sirius couldn’t reply as he was gritting his teeth to try and hold it longer.

Lightbulb clicked with Remus and using one hand to aim his still pissing dick, he reached around and grabbed Sirius’ to help him hold it.

But with Remus already pissing and the relief he had felt from the few spurts, Sirius’ crotch was getting wetting, so Remus let go of his pissing dick, getting his leg wet with piss but he need to help Sirius.

Remus then used both hands to quickly undo Siri’s trousers but he was not quick enough as Sirius started pissing and

He screamed ‘ hurry Remus it’s coming out, I can’t stop it, fuck, quick, pull me out, I’m barely holding on, please hurry’

As Remus grabbed Sirius dick, he dick burst and pissing flew out as Remus pulled it through the fly, it went everywhere, in every direction but relief flooded Sirius as Remus aimed his dick downwards as Sirius piss picked up speed to an alarming rate as he bladder just pushed everything out.

While this was happening Remus piss was coming to an end and slowing down but after seeing, feeling and helping Sirius get his relief, Remus’ dick started to harden and the feel on piss on his fingers and the rumble of the bike between his legs made Remus very sensitive.

Using one hand to keep aiming Sirius as he was still pissing a storm, his other hand pressed his dick against the seat which was vibrating strongly and he moaning loudly in Sirius ear.

‘Remus are you hard’ asked Sirius

‘Fuck yeh I am, you pissed all over my hand, lost control and I’ve just had the best piss of my life, I don’t think I’m going to be able to hold it till we get home, I think I’m going cum on your bike’ Remus moaned.

Sirius groaned and started to get hard even though he was still pissing, Remus stroked it rubbing a thumb over the still pissing dick which was starting to slow.

This was all too much for Remus and he moaned into Sirius’ ear and pressed his dick further on the bike and pressed up against Sirius. And the Sirius said those magic words.

‘Remus I had to go so bad, I just couldn’t hold it a second more, I want you to cum for me Remus’

And everything became too much and Remus exploded spurting ropes and ropes of cum as he screamed his orgasm, never having cum so hard in his life. He just kept cumming and finished just as Sirius had finished pissing

‘My turn’ said Sirius.

Remus twisted his hand that was still holding Siri’s dick and using the piss as lube, swiped the head of his dick which enticed a moan out of Sirius as he dick was very sensitive.

‘It won’t take long, I’m already close, just a little more’ moaned Sirius.

‘Siri, hold on for 2 minutes we just need to land and we home and I’ve got to piss again’ remus replied impatiently as his need suddenly spiked.

Sirius quickly landed and they both hopped off the bike each taking their dicks in hand. Remus to stop from pissing again and Sirius to hold off his orgasm as the bike vibrations set him in edge.

‘I got to piss and I’ve got to piss now’ moaned Remus

‘Need to cum so bad’ replied Sirius

Remus’ spurted onto the ground ‘I’m not making it inside anyway’ but suddenly had an idea as he knew Sirius was close to cumming.

He quickly turned around pointed his dick as the head of Sirius dick and before Sirius could protest or say anything Remus burst again straight on this dick, moaning in relief again.

Sirius saw stars as being in the edge and being so sensitive, he exploded in pleasure. He spurted and spurted lots of cum and he orgasm seemed to go on forever as Remus was still pissing on his dick until he turned away being too sensitive.

They both signed in both relief and pleasure.

‘That was the best orgasm I’ve had in my life, we should do it again some time’ said Sirius

‘Yeh but maybe not on the way home from work’ replied Remus chuckling

