The Urges of Ember the Dragoness

Author: Leaky Bunnie

*000*2019-04-02 12:57

This started off as a little request for a friend and kind of spiralled into this. If ya'll like it I might continue it!

###

The great Ember stirred from her sleep... she had been lying within the mountain cave for some two thousand years, dreaming and peaceful. Though, the last few centuries had been somewhat turbulent, with occasional squirming and moaning, that eventually became constant, and an endless sea of vivid, erotic dreams. In her mind she was teased and pleasured by a dozen lovers, and never allowed to reach her climax. Her pent up arousal had built up as the magma beneath the earth would before a volcano erupts. In a similar fashion, the many dozens of lakes she had consumed before her long rest had now filtered into her gargantuan bladder, forming a bulge in her lower stomach the size of a large swimming pool, and with ten times the volume of liquids compressed within; yellow, steaming and frothing angrily for release.

Amongst the sexual frustration of her long dreams had come splashes of bathroom urgency, she dreamed of the sea coming to destroy the world, and only she could save it by consuming every last drop. She dreamt that the sea was angry, taking the form of a beautiful water nymph contained inside her cavernous fluid tankard, and that she was violently pummelling her pussy for escape from piss prison. Her crotch was the size of house, and it throbbed with need throughout this all, clenching rhythmically in her sleep, pulsing in time with her heart. It was near her time to awaken...

Finally, when the time had come for this curvaceous creature to wake, her massive thighs came together to squeeze her lower muscles, she shivered in urgency to create her yellow lake, and to settle the tightly wound heat within her. When her eyes opened, Ember took in her surroundings, the same old cave she’d rested in all those millennia ago. It was home, deep within a mountainside, and she felt refreshed from the rest. One mighty claw moved to her dragoness womanhood, teasing the slick, puffy lips with her fingers and cooing softly at the sensations of pleasure that tingled up her wide hips, her truly vast rear end wiggling her thick tail. An oozing trickle of her liquid lust made her inner thighs sticky, and she grunted, tensing her face, when a sharp pulse of piss need shook her bladder walls.The hot contents of her cavernous container were threatening to spew forth, spraying haphazardly around and flooding her lair.

Ember held it in, corking herself with her will. She rolled, gently onto her back, and brought her over palm down to massage the firm swell of her lower stomach; her distended bladder. She could feel it quivering beneath her touch like a frightened deer, but she attempted to sooth it, shushing it and its protests for relief. “Soon...” she breathed, her voice heavy and soft; husky and dripping with arousal. There was a giant lake right outside her cave, it had served as her bathroom for eons; a river flowed down into it and another out of it again, meaning the water was constantly filtered and made fresh. Often she used it to bathe, but those rare times when she required a piss it would take but a few months for the urine to have filtered out completely. Given that she often felt no urge at all until at least a hundred years after her last release, this was plenty of time for it to make itself useful as her personal toilet.

With the knowledge that relief was close at hand, she had nothing to fear, so decided to enjoy her incredible fullness a while longer. Perhaps using it to bring about the climax she craved almost as dearly as the enormous leak wanted to be taken. The palm on her bladder pressed down firmly, causing her to grunt heavily and whine to herself, her pussy ached and spasmed with desire, hungry for her huge fingers. She gave them to her. Though they were clawed, she had long-since filed them down, not requiring them for defence any longer now that the ancient ages had passed and no creature alive existed to threaten her. The huge fingers reached deep within the clenching caverns of her vagina, her lower palm now grinding against her stiffened clitoris and moist labia.

Ember found the rock hard pressing of her bladder inside herself and began to grind her fingers against it, sending shivers of desperation down her spine. Her hind legs rose up as she felt the orgasm that was several millennia overdue building at last. Her truly huge, jiggling ass cheeks were on display, and her rear end wobbled as her tail bounced gently beneath it. She wanted it to last, but the pleasure of her urine crushing down on her g-spot was enough to make her scream; it was all she could do to avoid cumming instantly when her fingers had entered. So, as she continued to crush her boiling ocean from within, massage her sparking clit, and mash her palm against her engorged lower lips, Ember knew that the inevitable would soon come at last.

She gasped loudly, a booming noise, and then began to grunt, buck her hips and cry out. Smoke puffed from her snout as the brimstone within her boiled as hot as her piss. Her moans were so loud that the whole mountain shook. It was just as the beautiful beast was on the verge of an earth shattering climax, that she heard the screams.

Freezing in place, Ember’s impeccable hearing perked up, and the sound of distressed humans was obvious. Frowning, having not recalled any human settlements near her when she’d slept; she cursed herself for not checking. Her bladder took this moment to demand release, and she cringed, withdrawing her fingers and using them to plug up her puckered piss hole, which itself was the size of a house.

The ancient dragoness clenched with all her limitless might, and struggled to rise to her feet, spreading her aching wings and attempting to make her way out of the cave, only lead to a powerful slosh as her ocean of urine shifted inside her. The mass of hot, angrily boiling piss was vast, even for someone of her size. She whined softly, her face flushed, as the pressure of her bladder only intensified her arousal, and yet more of her juices made her plump thighs all sticky. The pressure of her bladder was significantly worse now, especially when combined with the how tortuously close she’d come to fulfilling her most animalistic of needs.

Ember finally made her way out of her cave, the morning air making her shiver, and her muscles tremble. Casting her gorgeous, orange eyes down, she was stunned and frozen in shock. Where before had been her personal lake for relief and refreshment, there was now dry land, and a large, bustling village of humans. They had heard her moans as roars, and the shaking mountain was seen as evidence of her fury. Their legends had long told of a terrible dragon that would bring forth a steaming, burning, yellow blaze of destruction, and they believed their time had come. Ember had no way to communicate with these people, so she decided only to leave, to fly away to some new place with a new ocean, far from people. Somewhere she could live in peace, pleasure herself, and water the flowers in privacy.

Her wings were curled up from her rest, cramped and asleep, but she gently forced them to open, stretching wide on her hind legs briefly. All of this caused her a cacophony of sloshing, splashing sound; it felt if a tsunami had struck her insides, and in truth it had. Ember, wings outstretched, froze in place and closed her eyes, a grunt echoing loudly across the valley. Her teeth bared and clenched, her thighs shook and caused tremors to disturb the mountain once more, and the cries of the humans increased. She must have been about to unleash the awful burning heat that would destroy their homes and lives, surely!

Unbeknownst to them, Ember was using all her mighty muscles to avoid this.

Oh, how badly she wanted to piss now! How much the pressure was causing her loins to burn with desire! How she wanted to just lift one of her mighty, meaty hind legs and let rip a thunderous waterfall of hot piss right now; like the world's largest dog in the world's hottest heat. She wanted to piss her mind away, and then grind her aching pussy on the mountain’s surface until she came as hard as anything had cum before. Calling out and spraying her fluids of pleasure and pressure far and wide. Yet she knew that a good, and proud Dragoness, would never piss where men might see, where anyone might see. She would fly to the oceans, to the most isolated parts of the world and only then would she release herself. The journey would take some days, but she could hold it.

A dragon can hold her piss forever if need be, and Ember was the strongest dragon of them all.

Only, now she didn’t feel like a dragon; she felt like a puppy, a bursting bitch clawing at the door to be let out, to find a nearby tree a-and... no. She was strong. She would not piss, not yet. A dragon never pisses. As she repeated this and similar mantras in her mind, she spread her wings and, with a hefty swoosh, took to the air. Deep within, her bladder sloshed with a noise like thunder, and the people cried and held their loved ones close.

Ember paid them no mind, and hurried away from the city, out beyond them and into the distance. She was a swift flyer, even with all this extra weight to keep her from her usual altitude, yet it mattered not. Settling in for the short, few-day-flight to relief, she forced her mind to leave her bladder for now. Not entirely successfully, as her horny brain kept reminding her how full she was, even fuller than typically after such a sleep, and how erotic the stretching feeling was. With every stroke of her wings, the fluids inside her swirled up and down, crashing into the top and bottom of her absurdly wide bladder walls, bulging either her stomach slightly further outwards, or making contact with the rest of her internals and squishing them for extra space. Ember’s payload was truly gargantuan, and she couldn’t help leaking frequent quantities of natural lubrication down onto the hills and valleys bellow her.

What didn’t help at all were the rains that soon started. Gentle enough at first, then high powered winds that smashed against her and slowed her forward progress. The clouds grew heavy and grey with moisture, and when they could hold it no longer it was unleashed on the countryside. Each tiny droplet was like a stinging spark of electricity to Ember, shooting through her body and focusing in on the mass of conductive, pent up piddle inside her abdomen. She squirmed in the air, slowing her flight even more and causing her to drop down lower from the clouds and their terrible, gushing sounds. Though it wasn’t easy, Ember managed to adjust to this noise, letting the pitter-patter of raindrops become like background static. The feeling of the droplets on her scales was harder to ignore, or picture as anything but what it was, yet she managed to settle the revolting of her bladder by again maintaining her mantra, this time cooing it to herself as if it were a prayer.

“Dragons don’t piss. Dragons never piss. I do not need to piss. I could hold forever if I wanted. I can wait as long as it takes. Dragons don’t piss.”

This worked for a time.

After about five miles of distance, she came across a huge body of water within a stone structure. Ember now realised how her relief had gone away; the humans had constructed an impressive dam to hold the water at bay and open the lands up for settling. Despite the inconvenience this had caused her by delaying her comfort, she found herself impressed by the little creatures. They always found new ways to make use of the lands, and bring Mother Nature to heel. Ember was reflected on how alike the structure was her own privates now; a solid wall that valiantly held back the will of nature and of water, containing thousands of gallons of furious water. One of her many dreams returned to her, that of the terrible water Nymph she had drank and held prisoner. Her wings shuddered with the rest of her.

The dam had almost passed her by, when her enhanced vision spotted something alarming. There was a crack, a crack forming in the stone. One here, another elsewhere, and at once they were all about! Ember stopped where she was, keeping herself in the air, and brought her front legs to her mouth in a gasp. The dam was shuddering under the weight of something, but what?

The rain!

Realisation came as strong as and as forceful as the waves did to the walls of the human creation. The torrential rainfall had caused a build up in the water, and perhaps caused by some random strike of lightning, or a rouge gust of wind, a terrible series of waves had formed inside the contained lake. The battering of these waves had not been planned for by whoever built this dam, and it was coming crumbling down. It was with horror that Ember realised the people of the town would literally be washed away by this flood; their doom! It was her duty as a greater being, an older being, to prevent this. In searching her mind, she closed her eyes and groaned, heavily, inwardly, as she realised the only thing she could do to save them. It was going to be painful, but she must.

Ember would have to drink it all.

Just as the benevolent beast had mentally prepared herself for this task, the dam suddenly burst! The water sent the stone wall exploding in all directions, crumbling it to dust beneath its force and flooding down the valleys, heading directly for the village as her personal lake once had. Ember wasted no time, closing her mind and her nerves to the pain in her bladder from the sound, the sight, and now the sudden movement; she soared through the air at top speed to catch the flood.

It took about two miles for her to catch up, and by then the village was in sight! The people who had been celebrating the falseness of their prophesied demise, and the departure of the dragon, were suddenly thrown into hysteria again as they saw both her, and the waves, approaching. By now, Ember was ahead of the water, and had only to find some way to direct it into her jaws. She got ahead of it and landed only a mile from the people, her back to them, facing the hurtling, exponentially accelerating water. Her brow lowered, her eyes narrowed, and with a mighty deep breath she unleashed a great wave of fire which reduced the hills either side of her to molten lava. Once done, her wings spread out and cupped this magma, unharmed by its heat, then shifted the masses into a sort of funnel shape, directing all the water towards her face.

Finally, she took a deep breath, blowing the rock until it started to harden once more. She opened her jaws as wide as she could and prepared herself, her stomach, and her poor bladder for the impact.

###

That's all for now, let me know what you think and it may continue! Also, while you're here, you can check out some similar little ideas on my forum thread:

$/47053-tiny-stories-and-poems-of-desperation/

Thanks for reading! ❤️

*011*2019-04-25 14:21

Part two ya'll! Thanks for all the enthusiasm and kind words! ❤️

###

The first gulps weren’t easy, but things only got worse. Despite her size, Ember felt every millilitre of the rushing liquid as it entered her stomach. She felt her belly slosh and swell as the thousands of gallons of furious fluids found their way inside her, having broken free of one dam only to find themselves trapped within another. Ember began to feel lightheaded as the gush of river down her throat continued for what felt like hours, but in truth was over in a matter of minutes.

The flow didn’t dither, it had fired with such pressure that it stopped all at once, leaving this ancient beauty with cheeks full of those final gallons. A heavy swallow was followed by an exasperated sigh. Ember moved into a sitting position, shaking the ground around her and making noises that only a vast cavern of contained liquids could. She panted for breath, trying to comprehend the sheer mass of water inside her now; her stomach was painfully bloated, crushing her already engorged bladder and causing the poor dragon to writhe and slosh in agony for a moment, her vast thighs coming together and grinding against one another.

All the while, as she sat there and squirmed, stifling a belch as best she could, the roar of the townsfolk rose up around her. Her neck craned behind her, and she could see every man, woman and child outside their homes cheering, whooping and hollering for their saviour. It was all she could do but blush as she felt a thousand eyes on her positively spherical gut, which stuck out so ostentatiously that the bulge of her bladder was forgotten.

Ember had the grace to feel some embarrassment at this attention, but as the people began to crowd her, reaching to praise her iron stomach, her deep seeded arousal resurfaced and had her biting her bottom lip at the words. By the time she had shifted to face them, much to the discomfort of her bladder and bloated stomach, the townsfolk had already seemed to erupt into a festival in her honour. She could see children running around, arms spread as if they were speeding mimics of her, and parents looking on in pride as they sew quilts of her likeness, and regaled in bards crafting songs of the heroism she’d displayed.

They called her the Dragon with The Iron Gut, the one who had swallowed an ocean rather than see it harm their village. While the title was crude, it was flattering nonetheless, and the thought of them praising her body only increased her exhibitionist arousal.

Yet, the realisation of the consequence of this victory slowly dawned on Ember. Looking down at her distended belly, she pictured the river she’d swallowed tainted a burning yellow as it poured without mercy into her already packed piss tank. It was enough to make her piss hole quiver in fear, and she felt a shiver or urgency pulse through her as her kidneys seemed in a hurry to expel this vast quantity of liquid from her stomach to her bladder. Gently, moaning subtly as she did, the mighty beast raised her plump hind legs and rear from the ground on which it sat, she lifted her tail and turned from the town, ready to spread her wings and leave. Her quest for relief was far from over, and with this ticking time bomb of soon to be urine expanding her midsection, she knew her flying would only be slower and more painful than before.

The thought filled her with dread, almost as full as her abdomen felt already, and she placed one clawed front leg upon her firm, lower belly. She massaged it as if it were a painful swell, trying to help the throbbing, burning agony subside, but she knew deep down that the only thing that could help her now was a ferocious, steaming piss that would tear through soil and stone alike if unleashed here. Finding an ocean was her only hope, and she knew it would take time. With a flap of her wings, she felt her body begin to take flight… before the cries of the townsfolk came up behind her.

Time works differently for near immortal creatures such as dragons, and as such a moment of hesitation and thought can sometimes take hours. This was obviously the case now, as when Ember turned to the village she saw the celebration of her great deed had already been prepared and started. There were floats of her carried by a parade of people who all sung the songs that had been crafted of her might and her bravery. The decorations aimed to tell the story of the day, with fountains gushing thick streams of water into sculptures of her mouth, without end. This sight made her bladder squirm, but she began to feel guilty about leaving them when all this effort had been made.

Her wings came down, she turned to face them and put on a smile to the thunderous applause of the people. “I can wait…” she told herself, controlling her breathing in an attempt to keep her cool and confidence. “W-What’s a few more days for a dragon anyway? Dragons don’t piss. I could hold forever if I wished. Dragons never piss.”

Hours trickled by as the flood she’d consumed was converted into gallons by the hundreds of aching hot dragon piss. Despite the joy she saw bellow and around her in the parades, the dances, the singing and the feasting, Ember had to fight to keep the pictures of these people drowning and boiling alive inside a terrible, steaming, stinking, dark yellow flood. There was a mixture of shame and of arousal in these fantasies; for whatever reason the idea that her mighty pussy lips withheld the doom of these people and their history was making her twitch and drip with lust. She groaned inwardly at a combination wave of urinary urgency and yearning hit her. 

Desires to lift one leg and proudly end the lives of so many people were cracking her facade of confidence, and the dreams that broke through were of inserting four fingers into her hungry dragonhood, or grinding the nearest mountain to dust with her clit as hard as diamond. The piss and orgasm she’d experience made her want to tear up, such was the longing, but she told herself to remain strong, to remain brave, and that the celebrations would be over soon. Besides… holding it in was only putting more pressure on her g-spot, and the build up of piss would only make her eventual release that more delightful.

As night fell on this first day of the festival, she saw many of the villagers refused to sleep, instead choosing to stay up deep into the night drinking and cheering and laughing together. It was a pleasant sight, to be truthful, but she wished the decorations didn’t rely so strongly on flowing water and drinking it. There were numerous floats of her form filling with water, a play in which a group of water dancers had made hissing sounds and rushed for a model of the town, before a group of actors in a dragon suit had arrived to defeat them. There were carnival games in which children had to use different wooden pipes to direct and nosily trickling flow of water into the wooden carving of Ember at the base. Even the cups that the alcohol or sweet fruit punch was served from were made in her likeness, which she had somewhat mixed feelings about regardless. Still, as long as the liquids inside the real her remained there, she knew that there wasn’t anything to worry about.

By now some half of the river she’d consumed had found it’s way into her cavernous bladder, stretched taut with near four thousand gallons of additional piss to contain. She hadn’t uncrossed her legs for the last five hours, and the urges came stronger and stronger than the last. What she had once considered a bad spike of desperation was now the normal, and what was once an unimaginable need had become reality when the cramps came. Ember was calm, however, for she wasn’t in any extreme pain, no more than before anyway, she was merely feeling an intense urgency to urinate, and such a desire could be suppressed. 

She istracted her drowning mind with kinky fantasies. Thoughts of being made to hold in such a flood by a suitable mate. Dragons lived mostly solitary lives, though in such a long lifespan there were times when two would meet and enjoy each other’s company. She pictured the male she had known some dozen centuries ago, this huge, mighty, dark red scaled monster who had dominated her as she had never been before. Thinking of his reproduction device grinding and stabbing deep inside her thirsty, plump pussy lips was enough to make her dizzy now.

One very drunk human approached her, he held out a huge cup of sweet wine, at least a gallon, and smiled up at her. It took only a moment for her to realise he wanted her to drink it. While the thought of additional fluids was the final one she wanted to contemplate, she knew such a small amount would pose no difference, even if it’s alcohol contents would act as a diuretic. Besides, these people were so cute, and it was kind that he would offer what was obviously an expensive amount of wine up to her as thanks. She nodded gently, then reached down to accept the cup, tipping it down her maw in an instant and placing the empty container on the ground.

The villager cheered and hurried off, and Ember smiled to herself for a moment… before she heard a crowd of excited shouts from bellow. To her shock there were another twenty, maybe even thirty, townsfolk holding up the same large cup’s worth of wine for her. She gulped, realising what she had started, but figured their interest in this form of ‘offerings’ would end before too long.

It didn’t.

After an hour, Ember had gulped down at least three hundred gallons of wine, so much so that the diuretic affect was actually impacting the remaining quantities of river water inside her, causing it to gush with renewed speed from her stomach, to kidneys, to cramping and distended bladder. The organ was an aching, stinging, pulsing balloon of dark yellow now, and she was fidgeting nervously with every new crowd of people who approached with liquid gifts for her. Eventually it came to an end, but only after she had drunk what seemed to be the entire town’s supply of wine, with the huge tankard they had poured each cup from now being empty. The pouring hadn’t helped her urges either, almost being as potent as the act of swallowing those cups by the dozen had been, so Ember sighed in faint relief that both had ended at last.

The people marvelled at the empty tankard, and cheered for her once more, amazed at her capacity and her thirst. Cries of her Iron Gut filled the air and sent erotic tingles down her spine and tail. The thunder of applause was enough to cause the vast mass of urine inside her to ripple like the water in a glass would in an earthquake. She could have sworn she’d even heard a few cries of “Capacity Queen!” or even “Bladder Behemoth!” These only pushed her buttons further, and reminded her of her strategy of using erotic fantasy to pass the time.

As the now tired crowds dispersed, calming down and heading for a very late bed, Ember closed her eyes and moaned to herself softly. She felt a sharp surge of piss pressure shoot through her, and she clenched her lower lips tightly, squirming her thighs against one another. Her imagination flowered with images of that same male, but now he was standing over her as she squirmed and begged to be allowed to relieve herself. He would squeeze her bladder, tease her with hissing, splashing noises, with words alluding to pissing her mind away, and how wonderful it would feel… but when she pleaded with him, gasped to be allowed a hot, steaming piss, he would tut at her, shake his head, and tell her simply…

“You cannot piss. You will not piss. A wonderful, strong, sexy dragoness would never even think of pissing. It is your hoard. Your golden hoard. You must keep it within you always.”

“B-But… the flood is coming, the yellow, burning agony! It’s scolding my insides and boiling so loudly I can hear it in my dreams! Oh! How long must I-I contain such pressure!?” Ember would cry, holding her crotch with both front claws and rocking back and forth on her mighty rear end.

He would smile at her, with eyes full of empathy, but with lust and with sternness. “Why, you must hold it forever my dear. Forever. Forever… Forever… She can hold it forever. She can hold it forever…”

Embers eyes snapped wide as the voices carried over from her day dream to reality. She looked down and saw two groups of humans shouting back and forth at each other. “She can hold it forever!” one member of the first group cried.

“She’s already bursting, just look at her!” someone from the other group replied, gesturing wildly towards Ember.

It was at this stage that the dragon flushed a deep red and removed her hands from her crotch, having not realised she had let herself get so carried away with her fantasies. She squirmed a little and sat still, her eyes bugged out as she realised the complete mass of the river had now settled itself into her bladder, and was still intent on completing its mission to flood this town. A grunt slipped from her maw, and she kept her massive thighs grinding together, her tail twitching and her pussy plump and throbbing with desperation.

“The Dragon has a bladder of obsidian! She could drink twice as much and wait for years without a single drop of piss releasing! Dragons don’t piss!”

The two groups that had formed seemed to be preaching opposite ideologies. The ones defending her held the banners and celebratory icons of the day’s festival, while the others were dressed in yellow, with images of… ugh… images of her form releasing a torrent of deadly urine upon the town. A member of this doom-preaching side spoke up.

“The prophecy was never wrong!” He cried “The burning heat that would destroy our way of life! It was never the flood, for the flood was not burning! The true flood is the one of dark, steaming yellow that this beast will let end us all!”

It was now that Ember decided it was best to leave. While his words were hurtful, the human was right. If she stayed much longer, the town and its people would be flooded in her waste fluids. She turned while the crowd was distracted by their heated debate, and spread her wings once more. With a mighty swing she expected her body to rise from the ground… but it didn’t. No matter how hard she flapped them, causing great winds which got the attention of the crowd at last, she couldn’t get her body off the ground. Her gaze went to her grotesquely swollen abdomen, containing a bladder of near ten thousand gallons of angry, impatient piddle. Its weight was like a mountain inside her gut, and with horror she realised it had made her far too heavy to fly.

###

That's all I've got for the time being. I think the next part will be the finale!

I hope you enjoyed! ❤️

*018*2019-04-28 12:43

{{On 4/25/2019 at 8:39 PM, Bombality said:

How pregnant do you imagine her bladder is making her look at this point? 😊

}}

Oh it's definitely very swollen by now!

It wouldn't be noticeable to the humans, who probably don't have any other reference for a dragon's figure, but her lower stomach area is distended terribly with an entire enough pent up piddle to fill a large lake to the brim! It's taken on the shape of an upside-down tear drop, pushing upwards and jutting out rather dramatically compared to the rest of her middle.

