Female Cartoon character Desperation fic ideas?

Author: Lyonsheart

*000*2021-10-13 22:42

Hello I'm new to this site.

I hope to make fanfics based on the topic above.

Anyone got any Ideas or requests of some sort?

Also any advice for new people on this site?

*002*2021-10-14 19:24

{{28 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Yes i've got a few. I'd love to see a Totally Spies fic where, Sam, Clover and Alex get captured by Violet Vanderfleet, who reveals she has a pee fetish and forces them all to drink lots of liquids while torturing them with water-related imagery and sounds. Finally they can't hold back anymore and end up wetting themselves, they all admit to being turned on which makes Violet approach them and they end up using that as a distraction to escape and tie her captive while making her desperate to pee as revenge. Then, the trio decide to have sex with one another in front of Violet while she loses control of her bladder.

How does that sound?

}}

I think I posted this too soon. Again I'm new to this site and I'm not too social with it. I also should have mention the cartoon shows I watched. I haven't really watched totally spies though I am aware of it. I might watch some episodes sometime and maybe make a story based on it. though It may not be something like what you have in mind. My apologies for not being more specific before I should probably edit it.

*005*2021-10-18 20:31

{{21 hours ago, auser said:

I have always hoped someone would write something about elastagirl from The Incredibles

}}

Not really the cartoon I'm thinking of but it's animated so I guess that counts. Any Ideas?

*009*2021-10-19 19:20

{{16 hours ago, Useless Guy said:

Amity Blight from The Owl House? I'd imagine she doesn't take many breaks when studying, and she wouldn't want to interrupt a date with Luz.

Eventually, they get caught someplace hiding from the boiling rain (like a cave or something), and Luz intentionally triggers a Gay Panic (TM) to help her relax and go.

}}

Congrats people like the idea. It's on to do list.

*013*2021-10-26 03:02

{{On 10/23/2021 at 2:01 PM, CrimsonChains said:

Maybe one with a avatar character

}}

Okay good but please elaborate.

*015*2021-12-12 00:31

Any ideas for Wendy Corduroy from Gravity Falls Or Reagan Ridley from Inside Job anyone?

*023*2022-04-29 19:01

I have an Idea of a series of one-shots or something involving the Anne, Sasha, and Marcy from Amphibia. Each Story involves one of them being in a desperate situation. Any ideas for one of them anyone?

