Tiny Stories and Poems (of Desperation!) - Page 2

Author: Leaky Bunnie

*026*2019-12-24 15:10

The stories here aren't meant to be complete! They're just little snippets! They're desperation focused but there's no rule about no relief being allowed, it's just that I'm not really interested in wettings or peeing without any build up / holding. There's also another forum similar to this for short snippets that's dominated by wetting content so people who want that can look there!

Anyway... I have a bit of a strong urge to tinkle myself right now, and a great deal of Christmas inspiration! So here's a little thought I've been having.

###

Festive, Full and Frantic

There were four gorgeous girls in front of you, they were all wonderfully attractive. Though different in looks, they were all sharing similar signs of urinary urgency. Each had sweat on flushed faces, and legs that wouldn't stay still. They'd squeeze their thighs together, wiggle their bums, bob up and down, make little gasps and moans and whimpers... and watch for your reaction.

On the table nearby sat three empty bottles and an equally parch pot. For these were beautiful angels of the season's most common beverages. Each containing a litre, or more, of those most festive fluids. Allowing it to boil and brew within their distended abdomens, in firm and taut bladder bulges.

The first, pale with short red hair, was slender and tall. Her stomach jutted out very noticeably, for she was exceedingly full. Swaying her hips, her toned legs on display in a short green skirt. She was one of Santa's naughty little helpers, with full elf attire, all bells and fake ears. Red tights up to her knees and green shoes that curled up at the tip. The outfit was tight and her belly was on display, the skin almost white from the stretching. Her eyelids were lowered, doe eyed and biting her soft pink lip. "Hello darling~" She breathed, sultry, and clearly quite intoxicated. "Mmmfff... my poor little pussy is aching to let all this warm, Mulled Wine come spraying out onto the floor. Between my legs, through my thin, silk panties~" Her legs spread, her body shivered, she gasped and quickly crossed them, giggling and wiggling, a hand going to her crotch and giving it a tight squeeze! "D-Don't worry! I can't spill a drop until Christmas is through!"

Next was blonde, with a larger frame. She was healthily plump, with delicious hips and breasts that bounced when she took heavy, shaking breaths. Clearly her ponderous piss load was troubling her, for she was blushing quite a bit and glancing nervously around. Large framed glasses were fogged by her panting, and her long hair was clinging to her sweaty face and even reaching her large cleavage. Her dress was form fitting, shimmering and white with a tight black belt and oversized gold buckle around her waist. Not only giving her an adorable muffin-top belly, but no double compressing her swollen piddle pot all the more. She seemed a little giddy, though not quite so much as the Mulled Wine holder.

"I... I u-umm..." she nearly whispered, her hands in fists gripping her loose dress and attempting not to go right for her clamped shut privates, though her soft, smooth, thick thighs were pressed together so hard it seemed like they'd been super-glued. "I-I had that... w-whole two litre b-bottle of eggnog a-and... mmmggg!! W-We were only supposed to done o-one but... it's s-so tasty a-and... and... I... nnnfff-!" Her thighs didn't come apart, but her feet began to tap, she bounced a little, breasts shaking. You knew for a fact under that dress her round ass cheeks were jiggling too. "I-I promise I'll hold it! I-I just... I just might n-need to... Nnghhf!! T-Try super hard..." You could almost feel the heat from her face as she looked down, embarrassed and blushing.

###

(Gosh, I actually have to go right now! Um... not pee, I can hold that! Sorta... but I got way more into this than I thought and it was just meant to be quick thing! I gotta go spend time with my family now! I'll either do the other two bursting cuties later today or tomorrow! Try to guess what they'll have been drinking, and will have to be holding inside through the holidays! )

$$

