Saturday Night Slashin' (BF X Pico)

Author: LydiaPrower8

*000*2021-10-31 01:02

(Before we start, this is based off a picture I drew back in July, and the idea stuck with me shortly after I drew it. And it has a reference to a certain 'musical' video, but it's not very relevant.) Also, BF and GF's names in this are Keith and Charlotte respectively, even though GF doesn't make a physical appearance in the fic.

The two never thought they'd get back together.

Just the previous week, Charlotte's father hired Pico to kill her boyfriend who turned out to be his ex, and now they were back.

Of course, Keith still loved his girlfriend dearly, so he asked her if the three of them would be in a polyamorous relationship when things were sorted out, which she agreed to.

The three decided that the two boys would spend a date night together like old times while Charlotte was with her parents.

The restaurant they went to had free soda on Saturdays, so they took advantage of it then went overboard when they decided to do a drinking contest, one trying to outdo the other.

"I-I gotta stop....I'm gonna-" Pico placed the empty glass on the table rim down as a loud, guttural belch escaped his gullet. "Oh god.... So...... who won?"

"....I don't know."

The table was absolutely covered with glasses, just about to the point that the plates that they finished beforehand were barely visible.

It was just then Keith noticed the twinge in his abdomen this amount of indulging was sure to result in.

He also noticed that his redheaded boyfriend also had it pretty bad, and he seldom made his desperation known.

And of course they had to realise NOW that the restaurant's men's room was out of order.

"Guess we'll have to find somewhere else, we'll never make it back like this...."

"Let's hope we can....ngh...sh-shit...."

But there wasn't much open in town at that time of night, and the few establishments that were had their bathrooms to paying customers only. Somehow they found themselves in the corner of town where bathrooms don't exist.

"Damn it, where the hell are we gonna find a bathroom at this hour?!"

"M-maybe this church over here has a bathroom!"

"...yeah, that's gonna happen. Why would you consider that option anyway, Keith?"

"Uhh...."

That was when Keith recalled. Pico wasn't there at the time. Before he started looking for a bathroom then ended up rap-battling against a Neapolitan ice-cream-esque nun, he remembered the ginger hothead was in front of the queue of the Funk E. Cheese's men's room, threatening to shoot the lock off...

An hour into their search, the situation was really getting dire. The two could barely walk without leaking every few steps and they both had a bit of a bulge if one could look closely. The blue-haired individual heard a slight whimper and turned his head around to see his partner bunching the bottom his sweater up, his legs twisted into a preztel.

"I-I can't do it...... I'm gonna have to piss here...." He rushed into the alley, already scrambling to get his belt undone. Keith joined him, knowing that he didn't have much time either.

He saw a hidden hole-in-the-wall place when he was about to undo his own pants. "W-wait! We could try over here!"

"Wh-what?!" Pico noticed it too, but he thought he had to pee so bad he started hallucinating. Next thing he knew, Keith grabbed his hand and opened the door in the alleyway wall.

Luckily for them, the restrooms were right near the entrance. They scurried in, still holding hands while Pico had his other hand holding his pants up so they wouldn't fall down.

"Shit shit shit, it's trickling out-!"

"Just hold on for a few more seconds, we're almost there...." B reassured his lover, feeling himself start to lose control too.

They rushed to get themselves positioned and aimed at the urinal wall, their aching bladders doing the rest of the work for them.

They couldn't believe it, they were finally getting relief... For what felt like hours, the feeling of pure relief was coursing through their veins the more their bladders emptied. For the next minute, the only sounds that could be heard were forceful hissing and moans of complete and utter bliss.

Pico finished first, rubbing his flat, sore bladder then tucking himself back in... He turned his head to Keith, finding out that he was still going full force, a clear sign that he definitely won that contest from earlier. He couldn't help but stare, looking at the stream that was just now beginning to falter.

"Oh my god...."

Soon enough, he stopped, sorting himself out.

"Damn Keith, you sure had me beat...."

"Heh, yeah...."

That was when they stopped holding each other's hands, walking over to the sinks to wash them.

"Let's head back..."

They nodded, and left the bathroom, resuming the handholding at a much more leisurely pace...

*002*2021-11-03 16:32

{{On 11/2/2021 at 3:46 PM, Lask said:

Nice!!! Love the setup of BF (Keith) being the calmer of the two, while Pico is a little more tsundere. The amount of wholesomeness and fluff is very enjoyable!!

Maybe you could do a story about the holding contest pic? (you don’t have to, but if you want)

Anyways, awesome job!!!!

}}

Eeeeeee, thanks so much!

We'll see, writing isn't really my strong suit.

By the way, this was the video I was referencing. (A reference in a reference, if you will)

$iframe height="113" width="200" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PieSnw99QVU?feature=oembed"

*003*2022-03-26 18:31

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/37458406

It's also on AO3 now! (please don't kill me for my other fic)

