Why I Wear Diapers After Work - Page 4

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*076*2018-03-16 02:09

Ch. 2

Kelly shakes her head coming back to reality, she is sitting in Laura’s lap in a fresh diaper, in one of the beanbag chairs. Laura is looking at her with an expression of amused contentment “So where did you go Kelly girl?”

“Aspen” Laura looks at her knowingly and plants a kiss on top of her head. “Come on let’s finish getting you into your comfy clothes.” Laura goes into the closet and pulls out several different outfits, Kelly points to indicate the one she wants. “Always a classic.” Laura pulls a grey t-shirt over Kelly’s head that says, “Mommy’s Little Gamer” and helps her into pair of dark denim shortalls. Carrying Kelly down stairs Laura set’s them down on the couch. While Kelly fires up the game system Laura pops into the kitchen and pop’s out a few minutes later with snacks. “Ready Mom?”

“Sorry Kelly I just got called in to put out a fire at the office something got screwed up with the course software and I have to go keep the TAs and IT people from killing each other. I’ll be back in a couple hours don’t worry I’ll have a special after dinner surprise to make up for it.”

“Okay…”

As Laura pulls out of the drive way Kelly can’t help feeling disappointed at missing their Friday afternoon gaming session, but sometimes shit happens and speaking of shit….. Kelly loudly breaks wind as a warm soft turd slips out of her into her shorts. Kelly couldn’t stop even if she wanted to. Smiling as she fills her diaper before cracking open her can of Coca-Cola Remix, Kelly sighs contentedly as she squirms feeling the warm soft mush spreading and coating her privates. Kelly now in full chill mode tucks into the small mini pizzas, basically the crunchy whole foods version of bagel bites, before starting her game session.

*078*2018-03-16 14:24

Laura returns around seven just wanting to finish dinner and relax, thank God she had the sense to prep everything over the weekend. Looking into the living room she smiles at Kelly absorbed in her gaming session. Her nose picks up a familiar scent “Looks like Kelly’s had her afternoon poop.” Walking up to Kelly she ruffles her hair and the two share a quick peck on the lips before Laura lifts up the back of Kelly’s shortalls and diaper. Kelly doesn’t even react. Laura sniffs for confirmation and picks up the familiar scent of her Little’s mess. “Loamy, musky, and earthy Kelly definitely made a big one for me to clean up. Although I also picked up some off Sauerkraut like notes. She might be getting a little ketoacidic but I don’t think it’s anything to be worried about. I’ll make a note for Dr. Marshall though.”

“So I take you won’t mind having a messy butt for another couple minutes little girl?” Laura says as she squeezes the aforementioned butt. “Nope.” Laura pops the chicken into the oven before picking up her messy Kelly and taking her up stairs to get changed. It’s become perfectly natural to the two of them and while the smell is strong for Laura it’s not unpleasant at least when Kelly’s not sick. It smells like Kelly and that’s why it doesn’t bother her. Every time she smells that she thinks of Kelly looking at her expectantly trust, nervous vulnerability, and love clearly written on her face as Laura cleans their warm soft intimate areas. It sounds completely out there, but she never feels as close to another human being as when she’s wiping this young woman’s ass.

*080*2018-03-17 13:41

Since Kelly generally prefers to be toilet trained for meal times Laura puts an old school pair of training panties on her, purple with gold stars, before redressing them. The soft thick fabric is something Kelly always loves the feel of. Dinner is chicken parmesan, salad, bread and a low alcohol sangria mix. The food as always is delicious and Kelly is sitting in Laura’s lap as she cuts off pieces and feeds it to them. At end of the meal Kelly is feeling comfortably full when “Ready for the surprise?”

“Yeah what is it?”

“Well…”

“Kelly I wanted to ask you something.” Kelly slightly nervous “Okay?”

“You weren’t the only one to get some modifications and I’d like to try them out.”

“Like my implants?”

“No this was a genetic surgery. It modified my autonomic nervous and endocrine systems so that I can breastfeed on demand.”

“Oh, you want to breastfeed me?”

“You don’t seem too shocked.”

“I mean in my home universe I was on ABDL sites for years and Sally at work, she’s a native Little, has talked about how her Amazon breastfeeds her so….”

“I take it your aware of the possible side effects then?”

“Yeah I actually did some research because hearing about Sally’s experiences got me curious. It’s seriously freaking amazing the stuff that’s in amazon breastmilk. As a scientist it’s mind blowing reading the medical literature on it. Besides the complex lipids, proteins, and sugars that make up the bulk of it there is some seriously wild stuff. Naturally produced opioids that are basically endorphin analogs. Compounds that act as muscle relaxants. Oxytocin, GABA agonists, and endocannabinoid analogs. Plus enzymes that break down norepinephrine which act at very precise rates and that can actually slice open the blood brain barrier then stitch it back closed.”

“Kelly’s done her homework” Laura is beaming with maternal pride. “Now for the gold star can you tell me what this means in terms of it’s effects on the body?” Between having a geek out moment and the praise Kelly is almost bouncing in their seat. “Euphoria, disorientation, muscle weakness/coordination issues, drowsiness and occasionally temporary incontinence. In rare cases there can be short term memory loss.”

“Excellent and you would still be okay with it?”

“I mean the dependency rate is like two percent and most of those had a genetic predisposition to addiction or impulse control problems. Based on the literature it’s a hell of a lot safer than alcohol or driving for that matter. I’ve honestly been curious to try this and I figure worst case scenario I pass out and shit myself and at that point it’s not even my problem.” Kelly says with a smirk.

“Well then would Kelly like some dessert?” Laura says as she pulls off her t-shirt exposing her breasts. Kelly climbs into her lap and looks at Laura with a shy expression. Laura guides them to her breast instructing her on how to get good suction going. Kelly’s efforts are rewarded with a spurt of warm creamy liquid that rapidly becomes a slightly thinner stream. It’s like nothing she’s ever tasted. It’s very sweet, but with faint umami undertones, rich dairy creaminess, and occasional herby and nutty notes that make her think of yerba matte and a pistachio milkshake respectively. As they finish off the left breast Kelly feels good. No she feels freaking amazing!. Everything is warm, her skin feels tingly and soft. She looks at Laura with a massive grin which as it’s returned makes her feel almost like she’s had a small cum. It’s like she can see the love radiating in Laura’s aura or something.

She does feel a little bloated though. This problem is solved when Laura burps her causing her to full on spit up. Kelly is feeling way to good to give a fuck. She wants that other breast and that’s exactly what she’s going to get.

*082*2018-03-17 15:45

{{24 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was excellent this story is getting so good

}}

What did you think of the taste picture I painted for Laura's milk?

*084*2018-03-17 17:24

{{17 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol I didn't see any picture but I was thinking it could be vanilla milk

}}

Metaphorically speaking with the description ;)

{{3 hours ago, YourFNF said:

Kelly’s efforts are rewarded with a spurt of warm creamy liquid that rapidly becomes a slightly thinner stream. It’s like nothing she’s ever tasted. It’s very sweet, but with faint umami undertones, rich dairy creaminess, and occasional herby and nutty notes that make her think of yerba matte and a pistachio milkshake

}}

*086*2018-04-20 01:30

So just as a heads up heavy messing content in this one

//////

Kelly latches onto the other breast and spends the next ten minutes emptying it. She is completely spaced and doesn’t even notice her bladder letting go soaking Laura’s slacks. "

Kelly…"

"Oh crap I soooo sorry. I gonna shit myself"

"It’s okay…. I set up this up as part of your surprise. I figured wet and messy pants would make an interesting change of pace…" Kelly is noisily dropping a wet load in her pants which rapidly fills the front and begins to drip down their legs. "It feels so warm and squishy against all my bits and my legs." Kelly smiles at Laura clearly flying at seventy thousand feet as she begins to rock against Laura’s thigh making small breathy noises as her mess overflows her shortalls and spreads across both her and Laura’s kegs. Kelly presses her face against Laura’s breast as she let’s a long low moan breathing heavily before regaining her wits and flushing with embarrassment. "Laura what dud I, your patns…"

"Shhhh…. It’s okay I expected this, let’s go take a shower…"

"Yur no mad?"

"Only at myself."

"Huh?"

"For not doing a better job making this as fun for you as it was for me."

"BUT! I really like and came supa big!" Kelly flushes again as she realizes what she just said. "Then I’m not mad…."

A smiling Laura scoops up an exhausted and filthy Kelly before carrying them into the shower. She strips off her pants and underwear before helping Kelly out her clothes and tenderly scrubbing her down. After diapering Kelly, she climbs into bed and pulls her Little close to her. Kelly instinctively latches onto her breast before drifting off. "God I’ve never felt anything like this, it’s like she’s not the only one who’s high as fuck. Feeling her skin against mine as she sucks like this, it’s like she’s taking some of my life inside herself. Shit I really do sound baked when I put it like that but no this is different it feels more real like, transcendent? I don’t know if I’ve felt this close to someone since… well since I was where Kelly is now….." Laura is unable to finish that thought before she fades off and sleep takes hold…..

*088*2018-05-27 04:29

The next morning Laura changes Kelly before hurrying out the door stopping to make a breakfast sandwich and latte for Kelly and herself. "So why the rush?"

"Lot’s of errands today Kelly Girl. First thing is grabbing some groceries than I’ve got to take you in for your three-month post adoption well Little checkup."

"Bloodwork?"

"I’m afraid so." Kelly makes a face. "I know how much you hate needles, but it’s required for all adoptions… If you want, we can go to that bookstore you like afterwards."

"Okay you have successfully bribed me." On the way to grocery store Kelly notices that a secret ingredient has been added to the latte. The caffeine counters the worst of the sedative effects, leaving most of the feel-good analgesic effects. Kelly like….

For the next twenty minutes all is normal Kelly somewhat embarrassedly enjoying the feel of a wet diaper. She’s mostly used to wetting in public between having been in the kink scene back on her earth and three months here where it’s actually considered normal for people like her to wet themselves. But another bodily need is making itself known one Kelly isn’t quite so relaxed about yet. “Mom?

Yes Kelly?

I think I’m about to have an accident, I need the bathroom now!

You’re so silly Kelly, you’re a Little girl in diapers who isn’t potty trained you can’t have accidents.” Laura leans in two whisper in Kelly’s ear. “I know how much you want to be yourself how it frightens and excites you, the thought of other people knowing. No one here is going to judge you for being what you are.” Laura smiles “My messy Little girl…. And I’m going to prove it.”

Laura wheals the cart out into the busy dairy section and surreptitiously reaches down to press on Kelly’s stomach. Between the milk and the pressure Kelly’s overtaxed sphincter looses the battle. A loud trumpeting fart announces her disgrace to the early morning shoppers. Kelly sits their crying into Laura’s shoulder as her hot sticky poop fills her diaper. She’s humiliated and yet so incredibly turned on. Part of her hates herself for enjoying this as much as she is. When she looks up however no one looks disgusted or angry at her. The most attention she seems to be getting is a couple of bemused smile from a pair of middle age amazon women, most likely soccer moms, and one guy in his mid-thirties. Who happens to be walking up to them.

“Are they okay?”

“Oh Kelly? They’re fine, just still shy about no longer being potty trained, at least as far as number two is concerned.”

“Well I for one think your still beautiful, poopy but or no.” The man smiles at Kelly.

“I’m Richard my husband and I were thinking about adopting but haven’t been able to decide whether we want a biological child or adult Little. I teach early ed, myself.”

“So, you’re not put off by the smell or anything else?”

“Nope Kelly, you get used to it in my line of work.” Laura scoops Kelly up holding their squishy butt as she pulls out the back of their diaper and shorts.

“You know you can actually use that to tell a lot about a Little’s health.”

“Yeah I’ve read about that but never had the nose.”

“Well if you get a good wiff you might pick up faint sauerkraut under tones, indicating she’s a little bit ketoacidic. Probably nothing but I’m still going to ask her pediatrician this afternoon.”

Despite the embarrassment of having two people discussing her shit the way two wine snobs might a particular vintage Kelly is feeling surprisingly okay. Laura’s presence is as always calming and combined with Richard’s natural dad vibe has done a lot to put her at ease. Still it surprise her when she agrees to Richard’s offer assisting with the change. The three of them chatting amicably as Laura heads for the checkout line.

*090*2018-06-03 12:57

After checking out they park the cart outside the bathroom. Richard is gentle but still gets a few embarrassed squeaks from Kelly as he cleans off her messy but. It takes only two minutes amazingly enough and Kelly is in a fresh diaper. After bashfully thanking Richard she and Laura take the groceries home. Laura changes Kelly into regular panties as they go to hit the gym. Sweat build up in a diaper equal not fun.

Kelly isn’t a fan of physical activity, but Laura insists that she look after herself. It’s something that Kelly is actual grateful for as she’d never be able to keep up with a workout schedule on her own. Kelly changes into a pair of athletic shorts and a band tank before stretching out. It’s a fun day so their playing basketball with some of Laura’s coworkers, three are Mids and two are native Littles. One of the Littles is partnered with one of Laura’s Amazon coworkers. By the end of the game Kelly is sweaty and their legs are quite sore, so Laura takes her into the shower and works the knots out her of legs. Kelly purring contentedly the whole time. After that it’s off to the doctors.

*092*2018-06-27 21:32

They head over to the clinic, a white plaster art deco building with a sign proclaiming, “Bay Colony Family Medicine”. It’s only about fifteen minutes before a nurse calls “Kelly Westerton?” While it’s a little embarrassing having Laura come back with her she’s honestly happy to have her given what’s she read in some of the stories on the boards. Even if this place is a lot nicer than those. Kelly is asked to change out of their sky-blue capris and t-shirt and into hospital gown which seriously ratchets up the nerves before her height and weight is taken. The nurse has to take her blood pressure twice after leading them into the exam room.

The big shock however is when the doctor walks in and she’s another Little, 4’2” and her dark hair in a bun she presents a striking image. “Hi I’m Dr. Naito Uzuki, and you must be Kelly and Laura?” After the initial round of handshaking Dr. Uzuki gets a history and then asks Kelly to step behind a curtain and give a urine sample. “Is that strictly necessary?”

“Sorry we like to regularly check kidney function and for UTI’s at all well screenings, especially for Little’s. I forgot that you’re from the other dimension Kelly and wouldn’t have the same array of health issues. But you are diapered fairly regularly, yes?”

“Uh yeah?”

“So, I’d like to check just to be safe.” After doing her business Kelly hands the sample to the Dr. Uzuki. Who proceeds to do a fairly standard physical although she also checks to see if Kelly’s new bits are okay. Kelly blushes as the petite doctor first manualy examines things then slowly inserts and dilates the speculum getting a pap smear while she’s in there. Dr. Uzuki turns to Kelly “Good now all we need is a stool sample.”

“That shouldn’t be a problem Kelly typically has her afternoon bathroom visit around this time.” Kelly flushes scarlet “I went this morning, but I still somehow have a big one in me. I was actually just about to ask if I could use the facilities.”

“That’s good actually and probably means this is just a formality but we like to check gut bacteria counts just the same as well as look at metabolic byproducts. A few weeks after coming here did you notice that your bowel movements more regular, almost clockwork?” Kelly nods. “And that they’ve been larger and firmer? In fact you have an IBS diagnosis but haven’t had any symptoms in over a month?”

“Yeah actually now that I think about it…. It’s the food additives, right? Engineered bacteria?”

“Correct, although there also tends to be a lot of fiber content added as well. What vitamins were to twentieth century food science, engineered bacteria are to the contemporary food industry. It started actually with trying to treat the G.I and Immune issues of native Littles then went mainstream.”

“You’ve seen how big some of mine are Kelly.”

“Yeah” Kelly splutters

“That’s the food additives.”

“So all this talk about poop is making very much aware of how much I need to go….”

“Right sorry Kelly let me get something to collect it.”

Which is how Kelly finds herself getting a lecture on the mechanics while she takes a shit. Her face is set on tomato, grunting and panting as she pushes out the almost foot long log into the bedpan Dr. Uzuki is holding. “Excellent Kelly this ones textbook if you and Laura could join me by the instrument suite whenever your ready.” Laura wipes her off and goes to wash her hands while Kelly tries to process being complemented on the quality of her fertilizer.

“I have to compliment you on making sure Kelly drinks enough, Laura. See how clear her urine sample is?” She says holding it up before she sticks it into a machine.

“That’s a smaller version of one of the smaller multispectrum scanners we have at work.”

“Correct and based on the read out no signs of infection and metabolic products look good.”

“Now your stool….” Dr. Uzuki takes a small lab scoop and smears a piece onto a glass slide with water.. “Not to firm or soft and if we look at the microscope….” We can see the little workers are doing quite well.”

“Oh yeah.” As a scientist Kelly is actually finding this quite fascinating, a smaller laser sweeps back and forth over slides. “All numbers good, excellent. Your almost ready to leave, do you want me to bring you to climax first?”

“WAHHH???”

“Oh, sorry forgot, off worlder. Things became much more relaxed here regarding sex by the early twenty second century. It’s always been the case that sometimes patients will become aroused from genital and anal examination. It’s just now it’s become standard practice to take care of it in the office. It’s just consider convenient, promotes relaxation and trust, and allows us to check for sexual dysfunction.” Kelly looks at Laura. “Dr. Uzuki has been my primary care doc for the past five years and always takes care of that. It’s entirely up to you though some people don’t for a variety of reasons.” Kelly shrugs and undoes her gown. “Hell why not? Does it feel weird yeah but honestly why shouldn’t I? I trust Laura and she thinks it’s okay. Plus, this is how things are here, when in Rome right? Go for it!”

*094*2018-06-28 02:03

“Excellent, Laura can you situate her in the stirrups? This will also allow to see how good a job they did hooking up the new nerves and muscles. Oh and you got the retractable phallus yes?”

“Yes?” Kelly squeaks

“Laura if you would be so kind as to take care of that.” Kelly can see that Dr. Uzuki is lubing up a positively massive cock and here she is legs spread completely vulnerable. “God I am so freaking wet right now…..”

“This is an amazon sized 12” medical dildo, normally I’d use something smaller on an offworlder but I saw in your files that your vagina is modeled after a native Little’s and I want to test it’s ability to stretch and expand. But what’s truly special is the pressure sensor’s and accelerometer’s that will allow me to measure your muscle contractions, that and electrical sensor’s that will pick up your nerve activity.”

“That’s got to be both the coolest and scariest dong I’ve ever seen. Aside from that one Robocop porn parody my roommate dared me to watch while we we’re drunk in college…….” Thankfully for Kelly everyone is laughing with her.

“Now if this does become uncomfortable we can switch to a smaller size or stop altogether, Okay?” Kelly makes a nervous thumbs up. “Now while it’s technically more hygienic to use gloves a lot of patients prefer the intimacy of bare skin; do you have a preference?”

“No gloves” Dr. Uzuki palms Kelly’s sex manipulating her lips and teasing her slit. “Well you certainly produce enough natural lubricant, good color.” She holds up her finger to her nose. “Smell…. and taste.” She smiles and winks at Kelly as she licks her finger clean before sliding two more back in causing Kelly to let out a low moan. “Sorry!”

“It’s okay Kelly this room is soundproof, and everything said here is in confidence. Be as loud as you want and don’t hold back. That includes profanity or random thoughts. I don’t care if you accidentally call me an ex’s name, your parents, or Abe Lincoln. This is a safe space.” Kelly takes her advice and begins to pant and groan as her doctor run’s a small vibe up and down her slit and Laura plays with her nipples. “I’ve got to say Kelly you have a positively wonderful vulva, I can see where your surgeon deliberately left small imperfections to make it look like you we’re born with it.”

“Damn that’s… Thank you….”

“I figure this is also a good time to perform a rectal exam.” Kelly moans as two slick finger slide in effortlessly.

“No evidence of hemorrhoids and…..”

“Uhhhhh!”

“I see they left your prostate intact. I take it they normally like stimulation in this area?”

“Oh yeah, Kelly loves it when I diddle her little butthole, one of her personal favorites is when I palm her little peach and then stick my middle finger right up there.”

“Is that so? I’ll have to make a note to the nurse than that from now on Kell’s temperature is to be taken rectally.” Dr. Uzuki says as she slides the first few inches of the dildo home, in between squeaks and gasps. “It… It almost feels like a hug, the warm softness of her hand, the pressure. I know that she’s there. My Laura. That she’s in charge and she’s going to take care of me, that I’m safe and I can just let go and feel good. The mixture of love, security and arousal. It’s like nothing else.”

“You two are so freaking precious. It’s an honor to a be part of this.” This time Laura is also blushing. The dildo is slowly but surely buried to the hilt, Kelly shamelessly grinding on it and vocalizing her pleasure. “Good girl Kelly look at you taking that big thing for the nice doctor, you doing okay?”

“Yeah I’m so fragging full and it’s a little sore but in the ‘hurts so good’ way. It’s already going away.” There is a detectable note of pride in Kelly’s voice.” Laura leans over to Naito.

“She turns to putty whenever I praise her during sexy time.”

“Don’t we all?” The two share a smile before Laura whispers to Kelly can you get your girl cock out for me Kelly? Mommy wants to play with it. Kelly nods and small patch of flesh slides back from just above her clitoris as a 7.5” penis extends. Dr. Uzuki can’t keep the awe out of her voice. “That’s fantastic I new some of the new cybernetics we’re good but this is… spectacular! It doesn’t even look mechanical and is undetectable without scans. If I hadn’t read their chart I would have been caught completely off guard.”

“Can I…. Can I touch it Kelly?” Kelly nods…. “Remarkable, living skin over silicate polymer membranes and bladders, with artificial vasculature …” Laura takes over and before long Kelly is meeting the doctors thrusts screaming as Laura plays with her nips and lady dick. She only last’s five minutes before her brain explodes like somebody set a bomb of her skull “Mommy I’m cumming!!!!”

“That’s it Kelly, you are doing such a wonderful job. I want you to make a nice loud cum for me and Dr. Uzuki.”

“UNGGHHHHHH!!!!” Kelly wails at death metal volumes, practically standing up in the stirrups as she impales herself on the twelve inch instrument. Her big clit spraying sticky white girl cum all over her body.

“Shall we give them a minute and then clean them up?”

“Actually, doctor I could use your services myself….” Kelly looks over and smirks noticing the golf ball size wet patch on the front of Laura’s slacks.

“Of course, always happy to help.” Laura steps over to the counter, drops her pants/undies in one go, and bends over. Kelly watches with a stupid grin as Laura climaxes in less than a minute. After that it’s all a blur as she’s scrubbed down in the sink, dressed and taken home

*096*2018-06-29 23:59

Ch. 3

On Monday Kelly finds themselves distracted at work. Her girlfriend of one-month Genevieve is at a con in Toronto and of course the first time apart always sucks. Then there’s this data set. There trying to shave six hours off the time it takes to print a liver but go to fast and the cells don’t adhere to the scaffold properly. The key is in certain protein bindings properties but trying to find it in this scan data…. Kelly looks over and see’s her peer mentor a native baseline named Millie Harris standing over her shoulder. “Hey girl you okay?”

“Yeah I’m fine Millie it’s just”

“The gen11 bioprinting project?”

“Yep.”

“You need lunch.”

“Yeah your right it’s just”

“You’re worried about how you taking a lot of breaks looks only a few months into the job.”

“Yep, you got it. I really like it here and I just don’t want to risk losing that. I’m always worried that people are going to realize I have no idea what I’m doing.”

“Trust me girl, your fine. Things are different here on then on your earth. People here know that you’re good people Kelly and that’s enough. Besides I’ve seen your work and it’s great.”

“So, lunch. Now!” and with that Kelly finds herself being dragged out of her cubical down the hall and into the breakroom. Somehow despite the radically different personalities she really likes this girl. Normally someone as loud and extraverted would drive her crazy but with Millie she instantly felt like a big sister figure. And for an hour Kelly can relax and enjoy herself.

Knowing how much she hates Mondays Laura packed one of her favorites. Popcorn chicken from the deli, mini-carrots with ranch, fresh cherries, and snack mix. The rest of the day is extra trial runs but their team still isn’t getting the process to work and the higher ups are putting pressure on everyone. She actually snaps at Laura that night and then spends the next half-hour crying and apologizing while Laura reassures her.

Then it happens it’s Thurday she’s staying late to go over the scaffold diffraction results again when she finds herself crying and can’t stop. Millie finds her and brings her to Dominque their supervisor. They’ve been impressed with Kelly’s suggestion for varying the spray pattern and are alarmed to see them so upset. “So, I’m not fired?”

“On the contrary I’ve been impressed with your spray pattern suggestion. But I’m worried about you, here at Amada we look after our people. Get some rest Kelly you’ve earned it.”

The next day Kelly is shocked to learn that indeed the variable spray pattern along with Jimmy’s solution modification did the trick. At the end of the day there’s going to be a party celebrate, just have to finish collecting the data. Now if only her stomach would stop playing up, first time in months, it’s got to be the stress. “Come to think of it when did I last go?”

*098*2018-07-07 23:48

Kelly is actually glad for the excuse to stay late given how hard it’s been raining today she’s not eager to go out into what’s turning out to be one hell of a late summer thunderstorm

.

Kelly's never been one to ignore a buffet, still she’s feeling a little bloated and crampy. She makes the rounds trying to keep her mind on the small talk. About an hour into the party however there is a peel of thunder and the rain starts coming down even harder. Kelly is just about to leave for the bathroom. When there is a loud bang and the lights go out briefly, then emergency lamps kick on. Kelly goes to pull on the door and finds it locked. “Oh god no, not now.” The lightning strike had accidentally tripped the security system and locked everyone in. Dominque is trying to get the manual override to work but the power surge apparently fused the lock.

Kelly spends the next half hour fighting her colon she can feel the building pressure as several days backlog pushes her against her exhausted sphincter. Of course Millie notices her desperation. “You know we have diapers in the breakroom right Kelly?”

“Wait what?”

“You don’t have to be embarrassed I’m about to do a pee in my pants rights now.”

“Aye same” Kelly squeaks in embarrassment as Mack from accounting joins the conversation. “Tell you what ladies I’ll be a gentleman and take the first hit.” He winks at the two. “Ah screw this fickin’ shit, I know these are mint for Littles and people with control issues, but I’m holding several liters of lager in here.”

Mack grabs a diaper from one of the cabinets unfolds it on the counter and unzips pulling out a sizable Amazon member proceeds to hose it down using it as an impromptu urinal. Whistling the entire time. He finishes with a few shakes and a theatrical sigh of relief “Shit that feels better.” Everyone laughs at the office comedian’s performance. Which allows Millie to grab a couple diapers and lead Kelly behind some potted plants.

Kelly is quite fast enough and freezes as she feels a shart hit her panties. Millie is fast to react however and spreads a diaper under Kelly before rolling her dress up and pulling down her panties. Kelly let’s go unable to hold it as several massive logs slide out of her curling onto the spread diaper. Kelly is still going as Millie finishes peeing next to her using some wet wipes before dropping them onto the diaper. She watches as Kelly finishes pushing the last bit from between her thick curvy cheecks. “I’m so sorry you had to see that I couldn’t go these past gew days I think it was the stress and I ruined my panties and…”

“Shhh it’s all good look.” Kelly can see several other people using the impromptu facilities. “I’m here for you Kelly, I’m your friend. Let’s get you cleaned up, I’ll bag your undies for you take home.

Kelly spends the rest of the party diapered and in an Amada Tech t-shirt. Actually most people seem to have gone casual dress after they got the doors open. With the storm so bad Laura agreed she should overnight with everyone else. So, she’s been casually chatting, snacking playing games on the breakroom T.V. She’s also been getting her buzz on which has led to a thoroughly saturated diaper. A booze-soaked diaper, Kelly giggles at the thought.

At close to midnight she finds herself pulled into a poker game with several other fems and woman in the supply room for that floor. “So I want to make this interesting.” says Hoshi from sales. “Strip poker?”

“Nah we’ve already done that.” Kelly is legit shocked by Millie’s suggestion

“I’ve got an idea but it’s super wild.” She has this evil grin on her face. Each person eliminated has to mess a diaper and be changed by the next person in line. Several stunned people look at eachother before grinning “Fuck it I’m in.”

“Same”

“What the hell yolo right?”

Millie turns to Kelly. “That’s not even a punishment for me.” Everyone laughs. “Damn girl your kinky even for an offworld Little.” One of them chimes in. Everyone laughs nervously as Millie starts to shuffle the deck.
