The College Experience

Author: Logan543

*000*2020-03-03 00:17

Hey all! This is my first shot at writing a story so bare with me if it isn't very good. This will focus more on pooping than anything but there will be pee moments as well. Not sure how many parts this will be yet but more to come for sure! I would love to hear feedback! Sorry this section is a bit light, it'll get more exciting as we go on.

WARNING: This section is pretty tame, it contains peeing and one fart but there are mentions of farting and pooping throughout.

College move-in day is always a bit nerve wracking, but for Riley it was exciting. Riley was a bit on the taller side for a girl, 5'9''. She was also skinny. Like skinny skinny, it’s not that she didn’t eat, she ate a normal amount, she just had a decently fast metabolism. She had a bit of a tiny butt but it was still firm. She had light brown hair that she wore straight and went about halfway down her back. She also had brown eyes to match her hair and freckles all around her eyes. She woke up Sunday morning pumped as hell. “Dang, college” she thought. She couldn’t believe the day had finally arrived. She was so excited for the college experience, having a roommate, studying late in the library, the cute guys, all of it. Riley was an only child and while she enjoyed the attention it got lonely sometimes. She would be rooming with her friend Sammy, now Sammy wasn’t like her best friend but she was one of her best.

She had known her since middle school and they had grown close, she just didn’t see her often on account of Sammy’s mom being so strict. But she would see Sammy 7 days a week now! She was excited to get to know her even better! Riley laid in bed scrolling Instagram and Twitter when she felt a twinge in her bladder. In all the excitement she had forgotten about her morning pee need. I mean everyone has it, some more urgently than others. You have that person that wakes up bursting and has to immediately get out of bed and get to a toilet. For some they have to go but can put it off for awhile, just a small need. Riley was smack in the middle, she definitely had to go but it wasn’t an unbearable level. See the benefit to being an only child was that she had her own bathroom in her own room, well maybe that wasn’t an only child thing more a upper middle class person thing. So Riley never had to wait for a sibling to finish up and be forced to hold.

Riley walked into her bathroom and shut the door behind her, even though she had her bedroom door shut she liked to shut her bathroom door anyways. She didn’t want her parents to walk in on her and see her on the toilet. Riley was pretty shy about that stuff, even with family members. She really didn’t like using the bathroom away from home, she didn’t know why but she just didn’t like others knowing she had to go. She knew everyone went and all that stuff but she still didn’t like it. She would pee if she was bursting, but pooping was saved for absolute emergencies. She would pee at friends houses but would try her best to avoid pooping at them. So Riley pulled down her polar bear pajama shorts and her pink panties and sat down on the toilet. She immediately began gushing out pee that hit the water and echoed through the room.

She gave a small sigh, she hadn’t been bursting but it felt good to get the night’s pee out. She peed for about 25 seconds then her streamed died down and she wiped and flushed, pulling up her pj shorts. All Riley could feel inside her was excitement, she was excited for the college experience and couldn’t wait to move in. She went downstairs to find a breakfast of champions. Her mom had made pancakes, eggs, toast, bacon, sausage and cinnamon rolls. “Oh, good morning sweetheart!” she exclaimed. “Mom, you really didn’t have to go all out.” Riley said already grabbing a plate and grabbing some pancakes. “I just wanted you to have one last homemade meal before you head off” she replied back smiling. Riley stuffed herself with a little bit of everything, especially the pancakes which were one of her favorite foods. “Mom, that was delicious, thank you so much!”

Riley spent the rest of her morning gathering up her things and making sure she had everything she needed. The college she was going to was only an hour away so it wasn’t as stressful, but she did not want to forget a single thing. It was around 1 p.m. which meant it was time to get going. Riley helped load everything into her parent’s car and went back upstairs to double check her room to ensure that she hadn’t forgotten anything. While up there she decided to pee in her room one last time, as she walked in and closed the door she thought about how this would be the last time for a few weeks she’d be using her own private bathroom. In college she would be sharing a bathroom with her roommate, and she couldn’t lie.

She was a bit nervous, especially when it came time for bigger needs. But she figured she’d cross that bridge when she got there. She pulled down her jean shorts and sat down, peeing a lighter stream than this morning but still a decent stream as she had drank a decent amount of OJ this morning. In the middle of her stream a fart slipped out, it was one of those farts that echoed in the bowl, it started low pitched and ended squeaky-like. Breakfast foods always made Riley gassy, and usually got her bowels going. It’s why she used to skip breakfast in high school, she would have to take a dump at school and be forced to hold it the whole day. She didn’t have to go now though, and with her bladder empty she headed down to the car to begin her trip to to begin college.

*001*2020-03-04 20:12

Hey all! I'm back with the next chapter. This part is way better and has way more action than the last one.

This chapter contains mostly pooping and farting desperation, but it has one small mention of pee.

Riley had now begun to regret eating such a big breakfast. She didn’t have to poop or anything, but man did she need to fart. Breakfast foods always did this to her, so she would only eat them on weekends. Then she’d be free to go to her room and blast away. But she was in a car with her parents, she couldn’t fart. Her parents would make jokes and roll down the window, acting like it was super smelly and it would be way too embarrassing. So she just held it, her stomach gurgling away as she held them in. She tried to distract herself by listening to music or talking with her parents, but she wished she could just release them. She didn’t know what it was about breakfast foods that did this to her, probably the grease she thought.

“Hey, how far are we?” Riley asked, trying to sound more excited than nervous. “Oh about 20 minutes or so” her dad replied. Riley’s stomach growled again as she held back another fart. The funny thing was she didn’t need to poop yet, like at all. She was just gassy. Her roommate wasn’t supposed to arrive until around 5PM because of her move-in time so Riley would have the room to herself later. She couldn’t help but hope that she would have to poop during the time no one was there, she didn’t know what the bathroom was like yet there and it made her nervous thinking about blowing it up in front of Sammy.

She thought about the last time she had eaten breakfast and gotten in a situation like this. It was this past May, her senior year of high school. They had a thing called senior breakfast where the school would provide free breakfast before they would head to graduation rehearsal. Riley wasn’t going to go, who would want to wake up early when you could be sleeping in, plus she knew it would make her have to go and she didn’t want to have to deal with it. But all her friends were going and she didn’t wanna miss out, especially on one of her last events as a high schooler, so she went.

They had bacon, sausage, pancakes, it was all pretty meh food if she was being honest. They sat around laughing and talking as they waited for it to be time to head to their local music hall for graduation rehearsal. They sat around for an hour and just as they were getting ready she felt the urge hit her, she had to take a dump. “I can hold it” she thought. She considered stopping at home but decided against it since she would definitely be late to rehearsal.

She walked to her car where the urge got worse and worse, her friends laughed and joked around as they walked to the car, but Riley was quiet as she focused on not messing herself. The crappy school must have picked some bad food because Riley had to go urgently. She felt the urge to rip ass bad, but couldn’t do that in front of all her friends. She got to her car when her friend Hannah walked up.

“I’ll go with ya, Jenny drove me here but I figured you could use some company!” she said with a huge smile. “G-great!” Riley responded trying to sound enthused, she was hoping to be able to release some pressure on the way there but she didn’t wanna stink up the car with Hannah in there. They got in and took off towards the music hall. It was around a 20 minute drive but for Riley it felt like an hour. She had to fart so so badly, her stomach was making all kinds of noises. On top of this her shit was making its way down and she had to use some effort to prevent that from happening. Hannah was just going on about graduation and how she was scared if she messed up, but Riley really wasn’t paying attention. Then in the middle of talking, a fart slipped out. Riley had literally just shifted in her seat, but that movement snuck a fart out. It was a loud one too, airy sounding. Hannah stopped talking and looked over.

“Riley, did you just rip one?” she asked, smiling. Riley just blushed and said “Yeah, sorry it just slipped out.” Hannah fanned the air with her hand and started rolling down the window “Damn girl, that’s a ripe one.” Hannah was right, it was a really bad smelling fart, it almost felt heavy as it sat in the air. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard you rip one” Hannah said laughing “And I’ve known you for like six years.” Hannah was kind of in the middle when it came to her shyness about bodily functions, she wasn’t extra shy like Riley was but she wasn’t one of those girls who loved ripping ass and announcing their dumps, so Riley had heard Hannah fart a few times over the years. “Yeah sorry, I just don’t think that breakfast food is sitting well with me” Riley replied holding her stomach. “Oh, it’s completely fine! I understand!” Hannah replied.

She could see that Riley was embarrassed about the whole situation so she decided to move on, though she did keep the window rolled down. When they got there they had about 15 minutes before the rehearsal started so Riley headed towards the bathroom. “I-I’ll be right back” she said to Hannah as she headed towards the bathrooms. Hannah replied back “It’s okay, take your time!” Riley blushed at the fact that Hannah knew what she was doing. Riley followed a sign that said bathrooms to find two girls and in line for a bathroom that said staff bathroom but next to it someone had ripped out some notebook paper and wrote girl’s bathroom. Riley had been speed walking over and stopped when she saw that, trying to act like her butt wasn’t clenched and holding on for dear life. The worst part was the door was wide open, propped open with a sign that said PLEASE KEEP OPEN AT ALL TIMES

Riley approached a girl she knew named Emily and said “Is this the only bathroom open?” trying to not act like she was about to shit her pants. “Yep, the rest of the hall is closed off until tonight’s ceremony so they are having us use these bathrooms until then.” Emily was a little higher on the social ladder than Riley, but was had thos nerdy qualities and was in marching band, liked playing DnD, superhero movies, all that mainstream nerd stuff. As Emily said this Riley noticed her hand was firmly on her butt, Emily had to shit as well. In front of Emily was Lucy, she was a softball player and pretty high up on the social ladder.

She was known for being very down to earth and usually in a chill mood. Lucy was about 5”7, she had very light brown hair that went down to the middle of her back. She had tan skin and had an athletic build because of the sports she played. She had a very smooth face with no blimshes in sight. Emily was short, around 5”4, she was a ginger who was a bit on the chubby side, she wore glasses and her hair was about the same length as Lucy’s. Emily was wearing jean booty shorts and a graphic-tee of a band and Lucy was wearing a blue dress.

Riley looked at Lucy and saw that Lucy was not grabbing anywhere but did look very tense. Riley had no choice but to get in line behind Emily. From the bathroom you could hear everything, she heard one girl in their peeing a hard stream while from the other stall you could hear someone blasting fart after fart. None of them were wet, all just pent up dry farts blasting into the toilet. Then silence from both stalls. Riley noticed that Lucy was shifting her weight back and forth. Riley could feel the pressure in her bowels growing, she still had to fart super bad and she was about to destroy a toilet where anyone in the hallway could hear. On the bright side no one had lined up behind her so Riley would hopefully not have to go in front of anyone. The girls in the bathroom were still silent, until finally the one who had been farting released a torrent of wet poop into the toilet.

This was followed by loud farts exploding in the bowl, clearly the girl had needed to go but was waiting on the other one to start. As soon as that happened the girl in the other stall exploded as well, finally not being able to hold it in and with the other girl breaking first. The three of them in line squirmed when they heard it all. Riley wasn’t sure if Lucy had to pee or poop at first, but seeing her react to others getting relife told her the answer. Lucy sighed really loud and pressed her butt up against the wall, Emily blushed and grabbed her bum a bit harder and Riley had to grab my butt real quick to make sure nothing escaped.

“I think this morning’s crappy breakfast had affected a few of us.” Riley thought. The three of them waited for like 8 minutes while we heard these girls shit their brains out. The whole time the three of them were squirming, not saying a word to each other. Riley was surprised Lucy was using the bathroom here, she was this pretty, popular girl and she was about to blow up a toilet before graduation rehearsal. The girl who had broke first finally started pulling toilet paper. Riley heard Lucy say “Finally” under her breath, the girl flushed and came out. While this was happening Riley had a huge gas bubble come that desperately wanted out. She held it back with all my might.

The girl who came out of the stall was surprisingly a teacher, Miss Anderson. She was short, like 5”3, curly blonde hair, super young this had been her first year as a teacher out of college, she had a small body that fit her small face, button nose, you know that stuff. She had seen her at breakfast this morning so I’m assuming the food got to her as well. She blushed as she washed her hands and quietly walked past us, telling us “Be fast girls, only 7 minuets till it’s time to line up.” She didn’t make eye contact with us and quickly walked away. Lucy looked over at us and said “Hey, listen I’m gonna be a minute, and I don’t wanna take up your time so if you wanna go first I don’t care.” she said blushing and not making eye contact the whole time as well. Emily and She immediately blushed as she had now forced us to out ourselves as well.

“Um, I don’t think I’ll take much quicker.” said Emily blushing and grabbing her stomach and looking at Riley. Riley blushed hard as she thought of a way to say it as well without being obvious “No you’re fine, I can wait '' she said. This was a mistake though as Lucy took this as her just being nice. “No, please I-I have some stuff to take care of in there and couldn’t make you wait.” Lucy said bobbing up and down. Riley blushed even harder as she now had to state “No I have the same stuff to take care of” Riley said looking down at her feet. Lucy finally got the message “O-oh! I’m sorry, I just-I’ll be out as quick as I can" she said walking into the bathroom, the second she entered a loud fart escaped from her butt, like those ones you were holding in the whole time you were on a date. It was insanely loud and wet sounding.

Lucy had been holding that in the whole time in line and being so close caused it to slip out. She quickly entered the stall door blushing and smiled at the girls one last time, she slammed the door shut, locked it and threw herself on the seat. Three wet sounding farts immediately shot out of Lucy’s butt. Then a load of wet poop fell into the toilet with a splattering noise. This made Emily and Riley squirm instantly. Emily, had a firm grip on her butt that she now was not letting go. Riley had her cheeks clamped tightly shut and stood firmly there determined to make it. The other stall began taking toilet paper as Lucy had continuous bouts of farty sound diarrhea spurted out of her.

They now had 5 minuets and they were both getting worried they wouldn’t be able to use it, especially Riley. Then there was a rancid smell in the air, Riley looked over at Emily who was red as a tomato. Emily had cut a silent but deadly fart while in line. Lucy’s poop was starting to die down and her pee stream started. The stall door opened and lo and behold it was another teacher, Mrs. Sullivan. She was a middle-aged teacher, probably in her mid 30s. She was short, around 5”2, had dark blonde hair, was about average weight and just kinda looked like a teacher if you get what I mean. Emily instantly ran into the bathroom and pushed past her. Mrs. Sullivan just smiled and washed her hands looking very relieved. Emily slammed herself on the toilet and a loud wet fart shot out, it sounded like Emily was right next to Riley when she cut it.

Mrs. Sullivan came out and said to Riley “Whew, I think that breakfast food messed with some stomachs.” patting her stomach. “I’m gonna tell them to wait 15 more mins to get rehearsal started. Give everyone a bit more time” she said winking at Riley. Riley just smiled and nodded as she walked away. “Thank God,” Riley thought, “Now I’ll have time to take care of business.” Now that she was alone for a minute Riley immediately cut a juicy sounding fart, followed by two quieter sounding ones. She danced in place as she was forced to listen to these 2 poop. Emily kept having explosive farts in the toilet and Riley figured that she had been holding them in the whole time she was in line. Lucy’s had a few more bouts of diarrhea going into the bowl. Then the inevitable happened, someone else got in line behind her.

Two girls actually Chloe and Mindy, who were pretty bitchy if we’re being honest. They were preppy girls who had a reputation for being a bit mean. Riley quickly tried to act normal when they walked up. “Of course there’s a line” Chloe commented “They better hurry, I like gotta tinkle” Mindy replied. Riley had been hoping they had also needed a poo but alas she wasn’t that lucky. Just then a wet sounding fart ripped out of Emily’s stall. “Ew,” Chloe said in response “Someone is ripping ass in there” she said laughing. Suddenly another wave of diarrhea came from Lucy’s stall. “Oh my god, it’s two people” Mindy replied laughing.

“So gross,” Chloe said laughing.” Just then Lucy and Emily both started grabbing toilet paper at the same time. Riley would be excited to go, but Chloe or Mindy were gonna be right next to her, she stood there buttcheeks clenched ready for her turn though. Emily was the first to exit and she looked so much more relieved. Chloe and Mindy snickered as she walked out making Emily blush and look away. While this was happening Lucy had come out of her stall as well. “Oh my god, Lucy you were in there ripping ass!” Chloe said laughing. Lucy instantly blushed and started stammering “W-what no, I mean I just was, I mean” they both laughed as Lucy washed her hands blushing hard and looking like she was nearly in tears.

“Like you assholes don’t do it too” she muttered as she walked out past them. Riley’s bowels saw the open toilet and she immediately got a cramp as she felt her waste move towards the exit. She really didn’t wanna shit her guts out in front of these two, she had gotten away with not being made fun of for this for all of school, she didn’t want to break this streak now. Not right before graduation rehearsal. She had an idea, she could hold on a few more minutes. She clamped her cheeks together and tried to act as normal as possible. “Hey guys, if you want you can go ahead of me, I really don’t gotta pee that bad.” Riley said making sure to put an emphasis on that she had to just pee. “Please, please do it” she thought in her head as she weakly smiled at them.

“What, oh yeah sure thanks!” Mindy said smiling at Riley and walking into the restroom. She immediately scrunched her face up and went “Whew, goddamn did those two destroy this bathroom. What the hell did they eat.” she said giggling. Chloe looked at Riley and said “Thanks! My dad always said being this pretty would give me perks.” Chloe followed Mindy in and started fake gagging “Ew,”she said grabbing her nose “This is so gross!” They both went into the stalls and shut the doors. Riley immediatly ripped a loud, rippling fart. It sounded wet as hell, but it didn’t stain her underwear at all. She heard the two start peeing in the bathroom. She started dancing around, shoving her hand into her bum.

“Hurry up, hurry the fuck up” she whispered over and over again. The two peed directly into the bowl, so luckily they couldn’t hear anything outside of the bathroom. Riley ripped another fart, this one a bit wetter and louder sounding. The two streams in the bathroom began to die down and Riley heard the toilet paper being pulled. She took this last few moments out of sight to do a little dance and grab her butt one more time. They both flushed at the same time, and came out of the stalls.

They went to the sinks to wash their hands. Riley walked in trying to act casual, but underneath her jeans she was clenching her cheeks like there was no tomorrow. Her bowels went crazy went in saw the toilet, all that greasy breakfast food began gunning towards the exit. She quickly slammed the stall door and grabbed her ass, bending forward and letting out a small moan. She had never needed a shit so bad in her life. But dumb and dumber were still out there checking themselves out in the mirror.

Then finally, finally she heard one of them walk out. She heard Chloe’s voice “Thanks Ronda for letting us go first, appreciate ya!” her voice getting quieter as she walked away from the bathroom. Riley immediately unbuttoned her jeans and ripped down her pants. The second her ass hit the toilet it sounded like a bucket of slop being poured out into water. So much of her mushy shit came pouring out of her making a squelch noise. Riley couldn’t help but loudly moan as all that pent up pressure was finally released.

After all that came out Riley ripped three loud, bowl echoing farts, the wet sounding kind. The next wave then came rushing out, it sounded less intense than the first wave but still hit the water hard. Riley sighed loudly as the load was expelled from her. RIley then ripped a loud airy sounding fart, it was very high pitched sounding. The third wave actually required some pushing to come out, though not much. That load ended with a low bassy sounding fart. The fourth and fifth waves followed suit, each sounding less intense and quieter.

Finally Riley started to pee, this was always her body’s cue that she was done pooping. She sighed loudly and couldn’t help but say “Oh my god, never felt this good. Riley wiped up, it took quite an amount of TP, and then flushed. The bathroom smelled like absolute shit, two teachers and three students had just destroyed it. She washed her hands and left, happy that no one had been in the hallway and thus had not heard Riley doing any of that. Riley got into line just in time. “Okay people, let’s practice walking in.” Riley smiled as she felt 100 times better.

