Why I Wear Diapers After Work - Page 2

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*026*2018-02-10 23:33

Five days before the surgery Kelly go’s in for their presurgery appointment. First a general base line scan to record normal physiology and record any anatomic variations the surgeons need to be aware of. Kelly is nervous wearing just a hospital gown and lying on a padded table in an acrylic circular room as glowing lights spin around on the walls. Thankfully Laura is there and squeezes her hand reassuringly. Each scan lasts fifteen minutes and there will be two additional scans.

Because the surgeries will be focused on the excretory and urogenital systems the two scans will be directed toward measuring a very particular set of activities. Kelly grimaces as the nurse flips up her hospital gown and places a bedpan underneath her before handing her a couple large pills. They are a fast-acting fiber laxative that can literally fill an empty stomach. Washing them down with some water Kelly can do nothing but wait. Ten minutes later a massive grey log starts to push past her sphincter causing Kelly to let out an involuntary grown.

As it plops into the bedpan and her bladder joins the party Kelly flushes scarlet. Everyone in the room and the control center can hear the soft pattering of her pee hitting the plastic on top of that the nurse has a view right up main street. The most embarrassing part of it all though is just how much this is turning her on. Nurse “Wow that is a big poop!” Laura massaging Kelly’s stomach “Your doing so good hon! Can you make another one for the nice nurse?” Kelly let’s out several panting grunts as the next one starts to exit. She has never been more embarrassed in her life and yet she’s freaking loving this. “Screw it if I’m going to do this I might as well enjoy it.” Kelly surrenders to the moment and finds herself slipping into her “Little headspace” for the first time naturally. Letting out a few involuntary moans as the last poop exits Kelly smiles up at her Mom. “That feel good honey?”

“Really good mommy, you and the nurse watching me pee and poop made my clit get all swollen. Kelly is sporting an erection that is plane for everyone to see. This causes everyone present to break into a fit of laughter.

*028*2018-02-11 01:06

Nurse “That’s going to make the next part easier”

“Next part?”

“In order to hook up all the nerves in your new genitals properly sweetie we need to know how your brain specifically responds to sexual arousal.”

“So, I need to get turned on? I think we already did that.” Kelley says with wicked grin on their face. “But we need to keep it that way for the next fifteen minutes, you naughty girl.” The nurse ruffles Kelly’s hair “So what were going to do is put this VR headset on and have you focus on a favorite fantasy. The scanner will feed it information from your head and make it play out for you in full life like clarity.”

“This sounds fun!” The nurse whispers conspiratorially into Kelly’s ear “Oh it is. Between you and me it’s kind of a right of passage for new residents to try out the program and…. I’ve been known to take it for a spin myself.” Causing Kelly to giggle.

The helmet slips over her head and everything is black for a few seconds before a loading screen appears. Then she is sitting in the tub at home with Laura taking a bath. This isn’t unusual, and it’s become a favorite part of her new routine. What is different is that Laura is normally very platonic with her cleaning. This time however she is being extra thorough with washing their sex. Even though they can’t feel it Kelly can’t help but gasp. Between her legs is a beautiful vulva with swollen red lips.

Laura is slowly stroking her fingers over them before sliding a finger inside her. In and out the fingers explore her sex. She watches the women she cares about touch her in the most intimate and loving way. The next fifteen minutes are up before Kelly even realizes it as the helmet is pulled of her head causing her to yelp in surprise. She looks up to see Laura holding the helmet grinning, looking down she just now realizes that she is touching herself. “Sorry Kelly times almost up and I just had to peek.” Laura puts on the helmet and let’s out an almost textbook “Oh my!” before taking it off.

Leaning down over the sheepish Kelly she whispers into her ear. “You poor thing, you should have told me that you’ve been getting aroused. I’m not really that into sex myself being demi, but I would have happily taken care of you. I want my Little to be happy.”

“Sorry mommy.”

“You have nothing to be sorry for it’s my job to take care of you. Now I don’t want you leaving frustrated and the nurse said the data would be even better if you had an orgasm. So, since you already made a poopy mess on this table can you make a nice big sticky one for me?” Kelly’s hands haven’t stopped moving the entire time. “God yes! I’m so close! Mommy I’m going to cum!”

“That’s it Little Kelly, make me proud!” Kelly let’s out a loud squeal as her body locks up and jets of white sticky girl cum erupt from her little clit. Laura leans over and plants a kiss on Kelly’s forehead tasting her sweat. “You did so good Kelly girl, I am so proud of you.” Kelly is glowing as the nurse and her Mom help her to her feet. They clean her sticky mess off her before helping her get dressed. And that night Kelly gets to experience her fantasy for real…..

*030*2018-02-11 18:06

CW: Surgery

The day of surgery arrives, Kelly is extremely nervous, but Laura is there which makes it much easier to deal with. They are given one final one run down of the procedures. Then more of that laxative from before to clean out their insides. One of the nurses coats Kelly head to toe in some kind of enzyme based depilatory cream before helping them rinse off in the shower. Kelly is shocked to see herself bald and can’t help but break down crying. Laura holds her till she calms down and explains that by the time she finishes recovery the gene therapy and nanites that are part of the surgery will have made it grow back.

Two hours later Kelly is being wheeled into the OR. Dr. Hashanda the anesthesiologist is walking next to them. “Okay Kelly your going to be out for about four hours on the general before the Morpheus kicks in.”

“Then I get to see Laura?”

“Yes dear. Your Mom is an amazing woman. Lot’s of people do sedated full dives recreationally and in a proper facility it’s perfectly safe. But some people just can’t stand it.” Dr. Hashanda is placing a mask over Kelly’s face she is already feeling sleepy from the injection they gave her. “Now when I start the gas I want you to count back from thirty with me Okay? Then you’ll share a nice dream with your mommy and when you wake up you’ll be in the body you always knew you belonged in. Are you ready sweetie?”

“Yes mam.”

“Okay” In unison “Thirty…… Twenty Three…… Fourteen….. Ten Nine Eight Seven Six Five Four Three Two….” Everything goes black.

*031*2018-02-11 20:11

When Kelly comes to it’s rather disorientating. One minute they were going in for surgery the next they’re lying on a couch in what looks like a very nice cabin. A fire place is crackling merrily, and snow is falling outside. They can see mountains and forests in distance. “But it was June and I was in Boston?” Kelly looks down and can see that there wearing a pair of sky blue one-piece pajamas with a fleece lined hood. A familiar face walks into the room holding two mugs of hot chocolate “Laura!!”

“Hey Kelly Girl! Look who’s up.” Kelly runs over and wraps their arms around her waist. Laura is wearing Aztec print orange, yellow, and red pajamas also with a hood. “How? What’s going on?”

“Remember what we discussed with the surgeon this morning?”

“Oh yeah most patients here do post op recovery in VR?”

“Correct.”

“Sorry I guess I was just so nervous and so much was going on this morning that I just…”

“Shhhh… It’s Okay. I’m here.”

Laura pulls Kelly onto the couch holding them and stroking their hair as they sip their hot chocolate. “I’ll explain everything you just relax. I’ve got you.”

“So, we’re in a super realistic VR game while the doctors and nurses look after our bodies?”

“Uhuh. Recovering from surgery can extremely taxing both physically and mentally. To manage the pain strong potentially addictive drugs were required. Now we simply hook people up to a full emersion VR rig, so they can enjoy a nice vacation while their bodies heal. We don’t have to worry about a thing. Right now our bodies are next to each other in a pair of hospital beds. The doctors put in a nasal tube to keep us fed and hydrated. The electrodes that allow us to feel tactile sensation in here will also stimulate muscles to prevent atrophy and build memory.” Kelly gets a mischievous look on their face. “What happens when we have to pee or poop?”

“Well I think you’ll get a kick out of this….. Someone is going to be changing our diapers as needed or every four hours.”

“Our diapers?” Kelly is grinning from ear to ear. “Yes Kelly, mommy is wearing a diaper right now and has already used it. When you use the toilet here your body does it in the diaper.”

“So mommy’s going to have a poop covered but too?”

“Yes Kelly Girl, we’re both going to be sitting in our own poop.” Kelly is laughing hysterically as she snuggles up closer to Laura “Best vacation ever!”

*032*2018-02-11 21:30

“So where are we in terms of the game?”

“Well you mentioned how your dad back in the old world would take you skiing and you liked it, but he was always kind of intense about it. Those were your words. So, I figured we could do a more relaxed version together. Were currently running the Aspen sim.”

“Thank you Mom!”

“Your welcome Kelly. I take you just want a relax? You’ve had quite the day today.”

“That would be nice.” Kelly mentioned that she kind’a wanted to use the down time to do the kind of stuff you always say your going to do but never get around to. Like brushing up on Literature. So that’s what they did. The VR suite had a beautiful illustrated edition of Beowulf that was designed to look like an illuminated manuscript. Kelly sat there in Laura’s arms listening as she brought the tale to life. The fire crackling and snapping as the snow continued to fall.

*034*2018-02-11 22:54

{{48 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn I wish we had vr recovery in real life

}}

I got the idea from another story and actually it really is a logical use of the tech plus it would do a lot for the helping prevent prescription drug dependency :)

*036*2018-02-13 16:32

Several hours pass and Kelly can feel a building pressure. “Laura….. ah I Mom?” Laura pauses “Yes dear?”

“I need to go to the bathroom.”

“I’ll show you where it is” Heading upstairs Laura leads them through the Loft style bedroom and into the bathroom. Kelly looks down and notices a problem “Uh how do I get these open? There’s no buttons or zipper?” Laura smiles and runs her finger down Kelly in a single motion from neck to pelvis. Kelly watches in astonishment as her pajamas split down the middle, forming a narrow opening on her chest/stomach and completely exposing her crotch. Laura does the same around Kelly’s but. “Smart material clothes.” Laura has a I’m very pleased with my myself look on her face. “That is so freaking cool!”

“We’ll have to get you a pair when we get home, they’re expensive but worth it. Some of the primo models even have massage and vibration functions.” It doesn’t seem possible but Kelly’s jaw drops even lower.

*038*2018-02-13 17:39

{{12 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Oooooooooo I want pjs like that

}}

:) Kelly has a lot of fun with her favorite jammies ;)

*040*2018-02-14 01:50

Looking down Kelly finds one more surprise. “What the Fuck!!” Kelly’s pubic area is as smooth as a barbie doll. “When people have this surgery seeing themselves with their new parts for the first time can be a very emotional and special experience. So, they want to first see it for real when they wake up. So that area is left blank to let the person decide for themselves.”

“Oh okay, that makes sense… I think I’d like to wait.”

“Does that me I have to use my old parts?”

“Only if you like. This a simulation, you could have a dragon that talks like Sean Connery if you wanted.”

“Oh my God! HAhhhhaahhhah” Kelly is doubled over laughing. “I think I’ll just take my old penis for now. I didn’t mind it that much, but I really disliked the testicles.” Kelly gasps as her nethers become digitally artifacted for a few seconds before her girl cock is back in it’s usual place. “That is one of the strangest fucking things I have ever experienced. Mom can I have a drink?” Laura chuckles “First bathroom, then you can have a beer with dinner.”

“Oh Laura, I mean Mom…”

“It’s okay Kelly.”

“When I wake up I want the two of us to be the first touch my new parts. I mean I know the nurses and CNAs are going to be changing us but until I’m back in my body it doesn’t feel like it will have really happened you know?”

“I understand, and I’ll let the nurses know.”

Kelly does her business not bothering to flush as Laura proceeds to drop another load right on top of hers. After washing she stops to watch as a piece the size of kielbasa drops into the porcelain trough with a wet plop mixing with Laura’s pee and Kelly’s mess. “If you want to watch Kelly feel free to come closer. I know how interesting you finds this.” Blushing Kelly steps closer taking in the sights. She watches Laura’s stream arcing the several feet into the trough like a literal fountion. The golden liquid poring from full pink lips topped by a short patch of golden hair. “Laura this is going to sound weird, but can I feel you pee?”

“Of course sweetie just be sure to wash your hands afterwards.” Kelly nervously advances, she did some watersports with one of her girlfriends before but that was over a year ago.

Placing her hand in the stream Kelly can feel the hot liquid soaking it. Moving it up she parts Laura’s labia and sees her pee exiting her urethra. Then Kelly does something they’ve never done before. Kelly takes her hand and licks the pee off it. “How does it taste?” Laura says with the smug humor that can only come from watching someone else taste your piss. “It tastes weird but not horrible. Like it’s something I wouldn’t mind happening if I get a little in my mouth during sexy play, but I wouldn’t want to actively chug it.” Laura wipes smiles and walks out after washing her hands. Kelly leaves a few minutes later flushed and spent.

*042*2018-02-18 00:08

After dinner Laura and Kelly watch some TV before climbing into bed with Laura spooning Kelly from behind. As Kelly lies there slowly drifting off to sleep they feel Laura’s hand slide across their crotch and but, opening their pajamas. Whispering into Kelly’s ear “You did something this afternoon when you touched my sex Kelly girl, something that only a handful of people have ever done.”

“What’s that Mom?”

“You made me horny and I want you to do it again. Can you do that baby? Make mommy cum?” Kelly’s response is to roll over and shoved their hand inside Laura’s pajamas cupping her mons. Kelly plants a kiss on her cheek before whispering into her ear. “I’d love to.” Kelly fingers aren’t big enough to penetrate deeply but that doesn’t stop her from getting Laura extremely wet and short of breath. She massages Laura’s labia and clit in slow circles before sliding their hand lower to caress her thighs and the crease where they meet the pubic area. Meanwhile Laura is rubbing Kelly’s little clit. “Oh shit! That’s my good girl! Oh Kelly! Baby you’re going to make mommy cum!” Laura curls Kelly into a bear hug as she let’s out a long low groan.

“I did good?”

“You did amazing! I love you so much Kelly girl!” Kelly blushes as Laura plants a kiss on her forehead. “Now it’s time for your reward. Anything special you want?”

“Could… Could you finger me?”

“How could I resist a chance to play with that cute butt?” Laura is grinning from ear to ear “I’ve got a perfect position in mind, just give me a sec Kelly.” Laura strips off her now soaked pajamas before taking Kell’s off and grabbing a thing of lube from the bedside table. Kneeling on the bed she positions Kelly so that they are straddling her soaked thighs. So slowly and tenderly she works a finger that is easily the size of a small toy into Kelly’s eager anus. Kelly letting out low groans of pleasure the entire time. Working in and out, slowly, she begins to finger her cute Little’s but. Kelly thrusting back and forth against Laura’s penetration, discovers that with the way she’s positioned she’s basically fucking Laura’s slick thighs. This goes on for a while before Kelly let’s out a keening cry as her juices coat Laura’s thighs and sex.

Laura holds a shuddering Kelly as they slowly come down from the post orgasm high. The two look at each other with a mix of love and exhaustion before resuming their spoon and drifting off to sleep…. Later that night one of the nurses changing Kelly’s diaper notices a different kind of mess. After finishing the change “Looks like you had a really fun dream little one.” Smiling she plants a kiss on Kelly’s forehead before leaving

*044*2018-02-18 01:21

{{6 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Nawwwww that was excellent

}}

:)

*046*2018-02-26 15:45

The next morning Kelly wakes up sticky, sweaty, and smiling. She didn’t think she and Laura would go this far but they had. And it was freaking amazing. Also, the fact that she is one of the few people Laura has felt close enough too, to get sexy with. Dam, that’s gotta make a person feel good. She feels Laura pull her in tighter. “Morning Kelly Girl” Laura plants a kiss on her neck then on her shoulder “Morning… Mom.” It feels weird to be calling the person who fingered them to an amazing orgasm mom, but it makes Laura happy. And while embarrassing to admit it does give her a small kinky thrill. “Is my Little ready to hit the slopes?”

“Hell yeah let’s do it!” Kelly roles to face Laura smiling. It’s about 8:00 am when Kelly and Laura get out of bed and hit the shower, where they do their business and get cleaned up.

Breakfast is a lazy affair with bagel sandwiches and espresso drinks, while wearing fluffy terry cloth robes. Kelly has a thinking expression on their face. “So how do I know when I’m full in here? Because I’m eating here in the sim, but I have no idea when they pump the actual food into my body?”

“They sink up the feeding tube pump to your neuro signals, to avoid sensory confusion. So, when you eat in the sim”

“I get nutrient goop pumped down my nose?”

“Yep”

“Grossss… But cool.”

They head up stairs to get dressed. Laura hands Kelly a white jumpsuit with a faint silver hexagonal pattern. “Smart material thermals. Not only do they keep you warm but they actually apply pressure as needed to keep muscles loose and reduce risk of stress injuries.”

“It’s like living in a freaking scifi movie!” Laura smiles and Kelly puts it on then her heated snow suit, which is in an urban camouflage pattern that Kelly takes an immediate liking to have never quite lost her punk side from college. The black helmet with anarchy A complete the look. The next question somewhat dampens the effect though. “What do I do if I have to pee?”

“Just go in your suit sweetheart, it’s self-cleaning like all smart materials, finding a bathroom won’t be easy out on the trails and I don’t want you making your self miserable trying to hold it. It’s what I’m going to be doing.” As they head down stairs Kelly is thanking about Laura using her thermals as a toilet. The thought is both amusing and arousing. Kelly finds themselves grinning as they head out the door.

*048*2018-02-26 16:53

{{39 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a excellent chapter

}}

You liking how I'm using the scifi elements to narratively justify the wetting and messing? :)

