Escape from the Diaper Dimension

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*000*2018-02-16 04:16

Escape from the Diaper Dimension

I decided to start a diaper dimension action adventure story using a self-insert character I created for GURPS. Not sure where this one is going but I figure this can be a side project to play with when I have the time.

I started posting this on daily diapers and decide it was ready to go up here. It started as a dark action comedy but I'm thinking about taking it full farce. Shout to Lightman for the text scrambling trick.

CW: Graphic Violence, Self Harm References, Medical Horror

Our story opens with a rather strange site. A person dressed head to toe in sealed jumpsuit and helmet, wearing some kind of space age backpack, charging down a suburban street. “Fuck why did it have to be this parallel, I would have taken a 4th Reich parallel over this. At least there I could have had a chance to punch a clone of Hitler or something… Uriel give me a sitrep how close are we to jumping out?” The AI’s voice comes over their com speakers “Unknown the underlying quantum substrate of this universe is highly unstable. I can’t seem to punch through the interference, I’m sorry Director”

“A signal pings over their com, pulling up the tactical data overlay they can see that Marcells vitals have gone flat. He must have activated his biocomp’s ‘last light’ protocols. Marcell was NeoCatholic for him to do something like that especially because he refused to use mind backup….. “Shit, Shit, Shit. They got Marcell, Uriel get us out of here!!!” Just then a hulking giant appears wearing what looks like a police uniform. Blap Blap! Two shots from a Kindari Thaum Stunner strike dead center, the giant staggers but doesn’t go down. Two more shots finish the job and the giant collapses out cold. Ashley keeps running.

“Finally!” Ashley has spotted a rather large and generic looking grey SUV of the type that can be found in suburbs everywhere. At 5’8” there’s no way they can reach the peddles on a vehicle meant for giants. Luckily, they have Uriel. The cars engine revs and it pulls forward as Ashley runs up and grabs the door yanking it open and scrambling in. “Thanks for the assist Uriel! Nobody does an on the fly hack better.”

“Your welcome director.”

“Okay got to think, I’m mobile now. Uriel will have disabled the GPS tracking, so I’ve got a few minutes. But this car’s going to be reported stolen and they’ve probably got birds in the air. I need to think come up with a plan. First, I need to figure out what happened to the others Marcell activated ‘Last Light’ so confirmed one out three security officers KIA. Not sure what happened to Tashi or Krum. I doubt even these giants could handle that Krogan though. Consider them MIA. Same for the rest of the science team. Liandra, human, first contact specialist and anthropologist, Danwakia physics and gate tech/Kindari Technomancer, Latisha, human, geochemical specialist, MED Droid MED 346, medic. All MIA.”

“Uriel can you raise anyone?”

“I’m sorry Director, but coms are being jammed.”

“What the hell are gear is at least two or three centuries ahead; how are they managing that?!!”

“Director the jamming signal seems to match a model commonly known to be used by the Syndicate.”

“Oh fuck, this could have been a set up!”

“Director your backup is current. I know you don’t like switching bodies because of your dissociative tendencies but I strongly recommend you activate ‘Last Light’.”

“Not yet Uriel.”

“I’m going to get some answers first.”

“We need a base and fast cash. Find me something abandoned and industrial. Then go through their stock market liking a Viking through an alehouse.”

“Acknowledge director.”

“Just got to breath, you and Uriel have been stuck on hostile worlds before. This no different other than extra special sauce level of nightmare fuel. Go to ground, cash, weapons, find locals willing to help or that can be bought. You got this.” Ashley continues to take several deep calming breaths as Uriel merges onto the highway.

After about twenty minutes “Director we’re being scanned by a comparable to our level sensor suite.”

“Shit, the locals are definitely working with the Syndicate. Knowing this kind of parallel it’s probably a client arrangement with their sapient trafficking arm. This goes side ways you blow your housing and I’ll activate Last Light.”

“That’s what I’ve been saying Director…” The AI’s voice has an obvious note of sarcasm. “I take it being captured by these… Amazons? Was that what you called them? would be particularly unpleasant?”

“Search terrestrial data archives circa start of digital at roughly 2000 Gregorian to about 2400 for diaper dimension. Where on a mix of myth and black mirror parallel right now.”

“Oh my…”

“Yeah…. This sounds unpleasant even to me and you remember the time I tried mixing Fadeaway and FireIce?”

“As I recall you consumed six times the normal dose and cut your own arm off in a dissociative state because you were, and I quote ‘bored’.”

“Yeah so even by that standard this could be worse”.

“How long to contact?”

“Less than thirty seconds before were in visual of a road block.” Uriel pulls up an overlay. Line of black and whites plus two tac wagons. “Sweet Powers why do people keep making it, so I have to kill them? Uriel block me out a good six months’ vacation when we get back. The usual bender then detox spa and therapy? Yep you got it bud.”

“Contact imminent.”

“Ughhhh, let’s get this over with. I want to spend the next week semiconscious in Gemma’s arms while they make the bad thoughts go away.”

“The aftermath is always the worst director. Nothing for it but to push through.”

“Yep, let’s get to work.”

Because Uriel knows exactly how much of a drama queen I am “Short Change Hero” starts blasting from every speaker within half a kilometer. The door hinges prove no match for my cyber enhance left arm and it goes flying off. Tumbling and sparking as it skids down the road. Fifteen seconds to impact I bail, neuromods slowing everything to a crawl as I hanging in midair, watch the half a ton of luxury SUV slam into a line of cops cars. And all the while.

“This ain't no place for no hero

This ain't no place for no better man

This ain't no place for no hero

To call home”

There’s about thirty uniforms and a dozen SWAT guys. Unfortunately form them I’ve basically got “God Mode” on. The DCM AC 300 carbine goes from shoe box to implement of death in three seconds, the stock and barrel sliding out. The micro fission power pack has enough charge for 200 standard shots. Theoretically if you used all the charge at once, risking burning out the focusing array, you could punch through the front armor of a Soviet T72 and back out through the engine block. I snap a reflex shot without even thinking about it. SWAT mook one drops with a hole clean through their chest the shot continues for another 600m blowing a chunk out of the side of a building.

Then I really get to work. Uriel paints the power supply for the cruisers. Glowing red on the AR display. Lithium ion, perfect. The reinforced battery compartments try their best but when you have an alkali metal suddenly exposed to oxygen and super-heated, in a confined space…… All twelve cars go in up in glorious action vid fashion. The suit doesn’t filter smells to preserve situational awareness, so I get a good whiff of scorched pork.

Breathing deeply, I focus on tuning it out, way too many flash backs, meditation techniques, they help with holding it together long enough to get to somewhere you can have a breakdown in piece. The six or so surviving uniforms have broken and run except for one on the ground screaming. Four SWAT mooks are still up and firing, one’s arm is hanging limp. Their aim is good, but the shots bounce off my shield which momentarily flashes blue with each impact. Four shots, four people dead. I walk up to the screaming uniform. “Uriel gives me triage data.” The person’s entire left side is scorched and burned, the numbers don’t look good either. “I figure five percent survival chance?”

“I concur Director.”

“I’m so sorry friend.” I take an injector loaded with three times the recommend dose of a synthetic opioid and slam into their neck. I watch their eyes as the light fades, before closing them. “Go in peace to whatever it is you believe in.”

“This ain't no place for no hero

This ain't no place for no better man

This ain't no place for no hero

To call home”

Looking around at the wreckage I try to plot my next move. “So, we need new wheels. I guess we could take one of the SWAT vans, the fifteen-year-old ‘Grand Theft Auto’ player in me really wants to do that, but that’s gonna be pretty dam conspicuous. I can’t fit in the uniforms, I don’t have a holoprojector, and I’ve never been good with illusions. To literal minded and difficulty with spatial reasoning/visualization. I could transmute the uniform, but I think in this universe I’m a little short for a SWAT officer.”

“Sorry to interrupt the brainstorming session, but we have more incoming Director.”

“Sitrep”

“Two helos in bound, turbine chemical fuel engines, no weapons. I’ve just breached their coms. Looks like we warrant the attention of this countries paramilitary counter terrorism unit.”

“Oh good, it’s nice to feel valued, really helps the self esteem issues.”

“Also, they mentioned; high value target for our ‘off world friends’ and first field test of the new equipment.”

“We are so screwed.”

“I concur.”

Two birds buzz the highway at 18m, black shapes jumping out and landing with a loud crash and the sound of crunching concrete. I zoom in to get a better look… “Very screwed…” My voice comes out in a whisper. Two ten-person squads of extremely angry special forces are closing in on me wearing heavy assault armor that is not domestic manufacture. “I’m going to lose this shell. Shame I was just starting to feel like it was actually my body.” I let loose with three round bursts but they just splat on the shields, no pen. Then there is a loud bang, and everything goes absolutely silent.

“I can’t move why can’t I move limbs, am I paralyzed? No been paralyzed before this is not that. Shit the suit has lost power…. Oh, fuck sweet Rama Krishna no! They’ve got a mother fucking stasis grenade! How? Buying just one of those would clear out a billionaire’s savings account. You usually can only find the necessary components in elder civilization ruins from when the various universes were young. Local disruption of time stream. I can’t even activate ‘Last Light’. Didn’t think the syndicate considered me worth that kind of trouble.” The last I see is an armored giant standing over me saying “Tranq um before the stasis field wears off. I feel something punch through my suit and everything goes black.

When I come to I’m naked, well except for what is probably a control collar of one type or another and being dragged down a long concrete hallway by two giants one on each arm. Ah the old strip’em to make them feel helpless and powerless trick, classic. So, looks like it’s torture time and these people are probably going to be especially creative so at least I won’t be bored. I used to have a super low pain tolerance, pulling a Lazarus three times in as many centuries gets rid of that real quick.

Even so everyone breaks eventually. I can ignore the pain. Threats of death work on a lot of people but I’ve got my consciousness quantum entangled with a clone body. I die the link breaks and I wake up, with nothing worse than the mother of all hangovers. The milspec cyber will neutralize drugs. But there are ways to get to even people like me. Ways to psychologically torture someone who doesn’t particularly care whether they live or die. Sleep deprivation, isolation, threats to other prisoners, all work amazingly well. And that’s only the usual vanilla stuff. The amazons have their own special sauce that’s probably going to be rattling around my headspace for the next few decades.

Like I said everyone breaks. The key is roll with it and wait for your moment. Dissociation, fantasy, blacking out, your brain is trying it’s damndist to protect its self because it can’t process what’s happening. Use that, wait for your moment then go all out, it’s not over until you give up. Me personally I tend to watch everything that’s happening like it’s a movie, it’s gotten to where I can see myself from third person. And as I watch myself get dragged down the hall I start to work on the soundtrack….

“Oh, Mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law

Law man has put an end to my running and I'm so far from my home

Oh, Mama I can hear you a-cryin', you're so scared and all alone

Hangman is comin' down from the gallows and I don't have very long”

I’m strapped to a steal exam table. I recognize most of the equipment and for this tech level it’s top of the line stuff. There’s a mirrored observation window about 20 feet up. The walls are white tile as is the floor, drains regularly spaced. I could probably dislocate my wrist to get to the tray of surgical tools but with the guards in riot gear that would be pretty pointless, especially since the collar seems to be interfering with my implants. Maybe I can piss them off enough that they kill me or rather my shell? Probably not but being a smart ass always boosts my mood “So, what are we doing today? By the way I’m a huge fan of the medical horror/bright and shiny hell aesthetic. I always thought the whole dank concrete gulag thing lacked class and style. You know?”

No response as a tech hooks me up to an IV. “You know my biocomp’s still working right? Your collar didn’t shut that down, drugs aren’t gonna do shit. Ah whatever maybe I’ll get to see some pink dinosaurs riding a flying spoon…. Tough crowd…..” Five minutes later something is clearly wrong my infection control protocols are kicking into over drive. It feels like I’m burning up, my blood pressure is becoming erratic as is my cardio rhythm, endocrine levels and neuro chem is all over the place, white cell count is spiking. Then the seizure hits and it all goes black once again……

I wake up with a splitting headache and a fever. My mouth feels like rodents have been nesting in it. Everything aches, bone pain is the fucking worst. I’m in a padded cell with a built-in bed mercifully there is a toilet for me to empty my stomach into. I rinse my mouth out at the sink before taking stock of the situation. I have muscle weakness/tremors and can barely stand, that and I feel my old friend brain fog has come to visit. I’m wearing a hospital gown….. and a very wet diaper. “Oh, dam it to the infinite hells! ….. Well it’s not like I didn’t know where this was going. Normally I’d enjoy this sort of thing but under the circumstances….. Yeah no.” I call up my biocomp and get the following message “Error Fatal exception #$#$#jjjjj333334434mamaadkaMMGGHValpja. System Overload DErdedcted. PLSAw RENninfnask.”

“Well that’s just great biocomp’s going to need to shut down and reboot and given that it’s the only thing keeping what I’m assuming are some honey badger level badass nanites at bay, that would be in advisable.” I’d take the diaper off but then I feel both my bladder and bowels let go without warning. “Well that just completes the day I’ve been having.” Given the muscle tremors, brain fog, and sudden incontinence; the nanites have most likely caused systemic nerve damage. Nothing for it but to try and get some sleep, I figure I’m going to need it.

I wake up to a cold saturated diaper and the sound of an explosion followed by gunfire. “Halle-fricking-lujah about time the cavalry showed up.” Fifteen minutes later the shooting has stopped, and the door opens….. on another Amazon in full battle rattle. Not the rescue I had hoped for but I’m not going to be picky in this situation. “We’ve got another one of the Littles they were holding. Hang on sweetheart and I’ll get that collar off.”

“Shit that’s right I’m 5’8” so they seem me as being at the upper end of little range.” I try to say “Thank the powers you’re here! My names Ashley Redacted and I’m the director of the millennium group, I need you to….” But instead it comes out as “Dpwjm dps hiasfe yic’fs psfs! Ky jwkse Weplsy wjt O’k dps tofsudif ir dps kollsjjock qfich, O jsst yic di.”

“Oh, you poor thing they took your voice?”

“Yeah this just keeps getting better and better”

“Rcum Ks” The amazon scoops me up, uses some kind of tool to get the collar off and carries me out of the building. I can see that parts are on fire and more, hostages? test subjects? are being carried out by other amazons. I can see that some of them have tails and other animal parts grafted on. One amazons takes note of this as well. “Catalons, you know they drug their own citizens whole sale?” and shakes their head. Well that explains the ‘The Island of Doctor Moreau’ thing. (shudder) After loading onto one the waiting helicopters we take off into the night sky as an exhaustion over takes me and I find myself fading back into unconsciousness.

*002*2018-02-16 04:40

{{14 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Omg this is very excellent I'm excited to see where this goes

}}

:)

*005*2018-03-11 03:24

Ch. 2

When I next come to I’m in a hospital bed and once again a wet diaper. That’s when the doc comes in. “Hi there sweetie, my names Dr. Novek. You’re in the hospital. You’re safe now.” She’s using the tone of voice reserved for calming down small children. “How are you feeling?” I manage to make my vocal cords work even if it comes out sounding like I’d been chain smoking twenty packs of unfiltered camels. “Like I was just eaten and shit out by something from a hell dimension. Water?” My language seems to produce an expression of consternation briefly before her professional smile gets fixed back in place. She goes over and picks up a plastic cup with a straw and holds it to my mouth while I down it greedily. “Thanks.”

“Your welcome…. I take it that with that mouth of yours and those cybernetics you’re not a native Little?”

“Nope. Ashley Redacted , Director of the Millennium Group, citizen of the multiverse, dilettante adventurer; at your service.” I offer my hand and Dr. Novek shakes it with a bemused expression. “So I take it you’re probably wondering where you are?”

“Yep”

“You’re in the first national medical college of Albion.”

I breath an audible sigh of relief. At least here I have something resembling civil rights. Although like all amazons the folks in Albion tend to have Randy Newman levels of anti-short person bias. But weird quasi pet, child? Is an upgrade from torture doll. My thoughts are interrupted as I realize that I’m shitting myself. “Well that just happened. I take it you couldn’t completely repair the nerve damage?”

“I’m so sorry we’re working on it but the damage the Catalon nanites did was massive and extensive. I’ll explain more while I get you changed.” I don’t bother fighting sense I don’t want to be sitting in my own mess for any length of time and honestly Dr. Novek is one of literally thousands of medical personal to have seen my junk over the course of my three hundred something years so…. That and her concern actually seems genuine. “So as a portal Little in your condition the courts have made you a ward of the state and decided to place you with a foster family.”

“I take it I don’t have a choice in this?”

“I’m afraid not dear.”

“So let’s be clear here no bullshit. I’m being effectively declared noncompus for bullshit arbitrary reasons and reduced to the status of a child at best! It always amazes me how people can’t see shit like this for what it is!!!!”

Dr. Novek looks genuinely upset. “I’m sorry, over the past few days a routine planetary survey contract went full on off the rails. Because of my actions and choices, seven people are dead or experiencing something far worse. I met Latisha’s kids when they came into the office, did you know that? Now they and her wife and husband are probably never going to find out what happened to her. That’s because I wanted to go galivanting about playing at being some adventure vid hero. But that doesn’t excuse me jumping down your throat. Your just trying to do your best in a broken system same as trillions of others in the ‘verse. Honestly I have zero fucks left to give and don’t really care what happens to me at this point…” I don’t even have time to react when Dr. Novek climbs into the bed and pulls me into a hug softly stroking my hair. It feels nice and I’m exhausted so in cat like fashion I tolerate it, or at least that’s what I tell myself.

Part of me just wants to call it quits. Even when with all this power that I somehow managed to get my hands on I either fail to change things or make it worse. Money, abilities, connections, experience, cheat codes to the multiverse; none of it matters in the final accounting. It sure as hell didn’t stop those Catalon motherfuckers from doing whatever they wanted to me and this certainly wasn’t the first time either. I feel a familiar sort of exhaustion. When I made my backups, I installed a secret protocol one that even my closest friends including Gemma didn’t know about. “The Last Enemy” it would send an entropic pulse down the link frying every single one of my copies with the option to channel that energy into a city killer sized burst. I was so tired and the thought of giving Catalon the middle finger on the way out was tempting. I still don’t know what stopped me…..

“Could you put on some music or something? I’m tired of listening to my own head contents.” She cues up some kind of indie/folk station and one of the saddest most haunting things I’ve ever heard comes on. It tells the story of a lost Little named Kimmy wandering through Catalon alone and scared as her mother frantically searches for her. Music has always been one the few safe ways for me to interact with my emotions. Which is why I find myself bawling into Dr. Novek’s shoulder.

