Draco forgot to piss

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2023-11-22 22:03

Draco knew he has a busy day today with lots of classes and homework to do.

So he made sure to empty his bladder before his first lesson.

Draco had 4 lessons today, it was he most busy day of the week as he had some double lessons

It started with charms which was fine and he had no problems.

Next was transfiguration, which was a bit boring as we were just repeating the spell we learnt last week. This was when Draco felt the first small signal for his bladder.

He ignored it, thinking he would just go at lunch which was in a hour.

As lunch approached Draco was getting hungry so thought he would eat then go the toilet before his next lesson.

But during lunch he forgot about it as he was distracted by his friends.

During lunch he absentmindedly consumed 3 glasses of pumpkin juice.

When lunch was over, he and his friends made their way to their next lesson which was history of magic. Is was so boring that to pass the time he sipped water from his water bottle.

Finally, history of magic was over and he made his was to his final and favourite lesson, potions.

Which would be a double lesson, which meant they would be brewing.

As Draco entered the potions classroom’, his bladder sent an urgent signal, saying it needed to be emptied.

Draco realised he had forgotten to go to the toilet all day.

He worriedly bit his lip, knowing he didn’t have the time to rush out before the lesson started.

Draco knew he had to hold it.

Professor Snape burst into the classroom just as Draco was taking his seat.

Draco thought he would be fine to hold it, but halfway through the lesson, Draco felt more liquid reach his bladder. Draco remember all he had to drink and was getting more worried by the minute.

Draco thought, while stirring his potion, I’ve got an hour I can do this.

But boy was he wrong.

Draco’s bladder was filling fast and it was almost full.

And Draco was having to cross his legs discreetly.

Draco looked at the clock and saw there was only 15 minutes left but that is when he had his first leak and he knew it was going to be a struggle to hold it.

Draco quickly grabs himself, to prevent anymore leaks and succeeds.

However, he knew he didn’t have long before he pissed himself completely.

He continued to hold on and best as he could be all that pumpkin juice and water was still trying to push its way into the fit to burst bladder.

Finally Professor Snape said to bottle the potion and clear everything away.

Ok Draco had 5 minutes left of the lesson and so he quickly cleared everything away, loosing a few spurts and he could hold himself.

But he held on as best he could.

Finally the bell went and everyone piled out.

Pansy said ‘you coming draco’

Draco still trying to keep a check on his bladder replied ‘I’ve just got to ask Snape something and I will meet you in the great hall.

Luckily she believed him and filed out with the rest of the students.

Draco was slowly putting everything into his bag.

Waiting for everyone to leave so he would grab himself and quickly make his way to the bathroom.

Because it was time for dinner everyone was rushing to the great hall, so the room was empty quickly, even Professor Snape had left.

Once the room was empty Draco picks up his bag but doing so releases his biggest leak yet, it was now visible on his trousers.

He grabbed himself in a vice like grip to stop anymore leaks and ran out of the room and decided it would be best to go to the dorm bathroom as he was already in the dungeon.

Draco had never needed to piss so bad in his life, he was really thinking he was going to piss himself on the way to the bathroom.

Luckily the hallway was empty and he was quickly able to get to the Slytherin common room but as he was running up the stairs he felt his bladder start to give up.

‘Wait wait wait, don’t piss don’t piss yet, I’m almost there’ muttered Draco.

Draco burst into his dorm room still holding on and ran across the room to the bathroom but as soon as he open the door.

‘No no no no, hold it hold it’ Draco moans out.

But his bladder had enough and could not hold it anymore and starts to release his piss.

Holding as tight as he can he tries to stop the flow but can’t so rips open his trousers and pulls himself out just as his piss picks up speed and he pisses all over the floor.

Not being able to move out of sheer relief and desperation of still holding so much liquid and finals being able to piss.

He is pissing out gallons of liquid as he just couldn’t hold it anymore.

Draco screams in relief and slumps against the door frame and he continues to release his bladder all over the floor just a few feet away from the toilet.

