A Throne Unfit for a Queen

Author: Lexi

*000*2025-02-10 21:47

"A Throne Unfit for a Queen"

Lena Hartwell, the office queen, the undisputed ruler of all things vain and superficial, had made a decision. A bold, unapologetic decision. "I am above the commoners," she declared each morning, as she slid into her impeccable short dress, donned those ridiculous 5-inch stiletto heels, and let her glossy hair cascade down in waves that could only be described as "cinematic." And so, when the rest of the office, the plebs, dashed off to the shared restroom like they had no care for dignity, Lena simply scoffed.

"Why would I, a goddess among mere mortals, lower myself to those... THINGS?"

No, Lena Hartwell did not use the office toilets. Never. It was beneath her. So, each day, as nature’s call grew louder and more persistent, she simply clenched her jaw and crossed her legs with the grace of a woman who had perfected the art of denial. There was always just enough time to get home before her bladder turned into a ticking time bomb.

But today... oh today was a special kind of nightmare.

On her way to work, Lena had made the unforgivable mistake of indulging in a large, steamy cup of coffee. "I'm not a peasant," she thought, "I deserve the best. Espresso. Hot. Strong. Decadent." The perfect start to a day in which no one would dare question her superiority.

Of course, this simple pleasure led to the problem. By the time she had set foot into her sparkling office—heels clicking like the sound of thunder, each step a declaration of her magnificence—she already felt the beginnings of the bladder rebellion. It was nothing to worry about. She had done this a thousand times before. Just hold it. "I’m not weak," she told herself. "I’m above this.”

Hours passed. And with each one, her bladder grew increasingly insistent. But Lena, queen of self-control, refused to be swayed. The lowly bathroom just wasn't for her. She was important. She had things to do.

"A deadline," she muttered to herself, "A deadline... calculations... nothing I can't handle. I’m Lena Hartwell, after all.”

Her eyes narrowed as she stared at the spreadsheet that had absolutely no idea what it was in for. She squirmed in her chair—just a little. It was nothing to worry about. A lady like her? Unfazed.

But hour after hour, the pressure mounted. The agony of holding it, the bloated feeling that had now taken over her body, as her bladder swelled to monumental proportions. Lena, however, was nothing if not determined.

"I will not be defeated," she gritted her teeth as a sharp spasm shot through her. "This is my office. My domain. No one shall break me."

The clock ticked down. She was in a race against time. But this wasn’t just about finishing her work. This was about winning.

At precisely 3:30 p.m., the universe—or perhaps just her bladder—decided it had seen enough. The dam broke. A tiny spurt of warmth—no, not warmth, but a flood—escaped her control, and she could feel it. That telltale trickle.

"I can’t..." she thought, desperately crossing her legs, but it was too late. With a sound that echoed through the office like a thunderclap, Lena Hartwell, the untouchable, the flawless, the beautiful, wet herself. Right there. In front of the colleagues she had spent years belittling.

Her once pristine chair was now a soggy, piss-soaked disaster. The yellow puddle beneath her spread with all the grace of a tidal wave, creeping into the tight corners of her 5-inch stilettos—heels that had once made men swoon, now dripping with humiliation. Pee was pooling on the floor, her “incredible” dress clinging to her soaked legs as if even fabric had given up.

"Oh my god, Lena... are you...?" Samantha, the office assistant who had long suffered under Lena’s tyranny, asked, her voice filled with the sort of sympathy one reserves for a wounded animal.

Lena could barely speak, too shocked to form words, but she managed a pathetic, "No..."

"Yes," Sam responded with a grin so wide it was practically a beam of sunlight. "It looks like the queen has fallen from her throne."

The office stared. Some snickered. Others, out of sheer respect for Lena's epic failure, tried to pretend they hadn't seen the human disaster that was unfolding. But no one would forget this. This was Lena’s legacy. Her reign had ended not with a grand gesture, but with a pissy whimper and the distinct smell of humiliation.

And as Lena Hartwell, in her drenched glory, stood up—trying to salvage whatever shred of dignity remained—she realized one painful truth:

The bathroom was for everyone. Even gods, it seemed, could get caught with their pants down.

