An afternoon walk

Author: laylawets

*000*2024-04-23 05:24

Hey all, this is a work in progress- will include solo play and intentional wetting

It was about 2 in the afternoon when I decided to go for a walk. I had spent the day in a deliciously lazy way; reading in my corner of the yard, the only moments of movement supplied from my efforts to move my lounger chair around, chasing the sun. I had worked up a decent buzz from the two beers I had downed during my afternoon of sunning. My body was craving activity from hours of being idle, and so I returned inside to change.

Wearing a high waisted floral patterned skirt that show cased my long lean legs and a light colored sleeveless crop top I deemed myself presentable and left the house. I turned right after leaving my block and set off in the direction of the woods that bordered my suburb. Having moved into the area recently, I had not had much opportunity to explore my neighborhood and found myself drawn to the nearby forest.

It is a queer feeling, stepping of the side of a road, no matter how calm the traffic of cars may be, to find yourself suddenly surrounded by the lush greenery of the forest. Not unlike stepping into another dimension, you are suddenly immersed into a realm of plants and trees and rocks and little creatures- some visible, most that are not- and you are surprised to both feel like you are at home, and an intruder at once. The forest beckoned me and I set off onto the trail. I followed the recently tracked terrain, noting the tire marks of a quad.

I walked for a few minutes encountering no people and felt my mind begin to wander. I began to sense my bladder in a not unpleasant fullness and wondered what it might feel like to wet myself. I considered the logistics; I was alone with little chance of being bothered. I was wearing a skirt and it done with care and attention I could avoid getting it wet. I was wearing sandals that would allow for an easy clean up. I am not practiced to wettings, it is something I engage in a few times a year if that, and usually I make sure that I am good and desperate. I scanned my body and felt minimum pressure on my bladder. If I was at home on the couch it would not yet occur to me to use the washroom, but I would if I was about to begin a long car ride.

I spied a particularly beautiful clearing of dappled sunlight on moss and decided to explore it. Entering the glade, I found a lovely place to sit down on the soft green moss. Leaning back with my knees bent and feet on the ground in what my favorite you tube yoga influencer loves to call, “at the beach” posture I began to relax. I parted my legs and gave myself permission to let go. I concentrated on my breathing, on the how good the sun felt warm on my back, and how I was alone. I felt an uncomfortable shifting of sensations in my body as I willed myself to wet. My body felt confusion as it simultaneously relaxed some muscles why clamping others. I let out a sigh; it wasn't happening. I enjoyed the moment and got up and ventured further into the woods.

*001*2024-05-28 20:55

Forgiving my stubborn bladder training, I was grateful that my body was so rooted against peeing in my clothing. I thought back to all the times I'd been caught in a desperate situation; in public transit or in the audience for something I didn't want to miss- and worried that I might lose the battle and helplessly wet myself. It felt reassuring to know how many “fire walls” by body had encoded to prevent that humiliating outcome. Smiling, my mind wandered to the game Animal Crossings New Horizons, a fad I'd hopped on board during the pandemic.

I thought about how annoying it was that every time you wanted to use the airport feature and connect to the internet, the game would ask you, “are you sure?” several times before moving forward. Right now, it felt like there was a tiny cartoon bird inside my brain saying, “It looks like you are trying to pee right now, is that OK?” Mentally, I click yes. “Currently you are wearing clothing, and if you pee, you will wet yourself, do you want to continue?” Again I select yes. “OK getting everything set up for you to piss yourself! Have a great day!”

I found an interesting tree and took some pictures of it on my phone. I was playing around with the settings on my camera when I felt a wave of pressure hit my bladder. Putting my phone down at my side I stood still and tried to let go. I looked up at the blue sky, at the tops of the trees, and the birds flitting from branch to branch and reminded myself that going pee was a natural process and how the creatures of the forest wouldn't think twice about letting go.

I could feel the sensation of liquid travelling down my Urethra and felt it just on the edge of coming out. The image of a drip growing inside a faucet came to mind, and how there is that beautiful moment when the water holds a shape of it's own before the surface tension breaks. As cliche as it was I think that the imagery of water was the trick, and I wet my panties. It was subtle, maybe an eighth of ounce of fluid dampened my underwear. I reached down to feel the damage. The material had absorbed and dispersed the wetness so well that there was almost zero evidence of what I'd done. Satisfied I started back to the path.

I always think of bladder control in terms of how well you are able to hold your pee, but truly control should be a two way street. True control would be the ability to pee at any time, any place, and any amount. I was obscenely proud with how I'd will-fully been able to release a single drop, and how if I'd dared to do it publicly, no one would have known. It was my delicious little secret to be walking around with pissy panties.

Feeling another urge I stopped on the path facing the road. I had neared the end of the woods and was about to emerge onto the road where cars were passing every minute or so. Resting my hand on a nearby hemlock I tried to ground myself into a state of relaxation. I found it came easier this time and within a few deep breaths I was able to piss myself again. This time I let out a bit more pee, allowing half an ounce or more into my waiting panties. I savoured the way the warm piss soaked into the fabric, while managing to be contained in it's panty prison it flowed back up between my pussy lips.

That moment, the apex of the wetting was always my favourite part. Feeling the warmth trapped around your precious parts before it found it's way to leak elsewhere and saturate your clothes, was the best feeling in the world. I gave a shudder of delight and kept walking. The wettness was still not an issue and I didn't fear being caught. I had not allowed myself to fully release to the point of pee running down my legs. “Good girl” I thought to myself and noted how positive the experience had been. If you, dear reader are reading this now wondering if you are up for the challenge, then I invite you to try to wet yourself, just a drop, right now.

