Beginnings and Endings

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*000*2018-04-22 23:40

CW: Suicide

So this a new idea I'm working on. Wanted to give props to @Sophie ♥ from DD for the limbo idea.

.....

Beginnings and Endings

"Dying is one of the weirdest things you will ever have to deal with, from what I understand mine was slightly nonstandard. Apparently, the usual deal is that one moment you’re here the next you’re in the big cosmic airport terminal waiting to be sorted based on whatever you where in life or something like that. It’s all weird and metaphysical and post-modernist and shit and even being dead I don’t fully get it. My boss says that I won’t till I fully crossover. I’m Ashley by the way. So yeah, I’m kinda’ in capital L limbo or something, this tends to happen with suicides and gets decided way above my paygrade. Of course, it may not even be "decided" so much as the power cosmic makes it happen because it must be that way. Like I said death is weird and yet strangely normal at times. Mine was two weeks ago and I’m still getting used to it."

"I suppose I should fill you on the backstory since your reading my…. Limbo Journal? I’ve really got to think of better name for this thing. If your recently deceased sorry, but a yeah, pro tip you can still web surf; E.M. radiation FTW. Anyway (whistles awkwardly) this is the story of how I died….."

"It was June of 2019 and I had just staggered my way out of college and into the real world with no idea what the fuck I was doing. I at least made it up to the Boston area like I wanted and got a job as a junior tech running network admin for some generic company. I think they made parking meters? So yeah life was meh like it had always been, and I was angry, frustrated, and wanted to fuck shit up because politics and everything is suck in terms of the world.

That’s when I met Gary a.k.a K#[email protected] from network security. Gary was an ass, but he was also my ticket into a local hacktivist collective and because I was gung ho and eager to travel I got a staring role in their big breakout performance."

"The plan was simple and something I had been dying to try for years. Wipe out the personal loan data of everyone at a major bank. This group had struck gold, finding a zero day for the new networked ATMs Bank of America was rolling out. This would allow us to both sneak a trojan onto their servers and give us a readymade bot net. My job was to zig zag across the country uploading multiple copies onto hundreds of ATMs. One of the best perks of being a soldier in the glorious revolution turned out being able to press enter to make it rain. Once we launched it caught everybody off guard. We didn’t get everything, but we did some hella serious damage. Which is why the FEDs got involve and O’fuck me sideways I’m hauling ass for Canada with a bogus passport."

"I was in middle of fucking nowhere Ohio when it hit me. My life was pretty much over and our best shot had only made a small dent in the grand scheme of things. I stopped at this cool little motel that was cheap and had an attached barcade. Then I spent three days getting lit and eating dinner food. I also wrote my memoirs such as they were and drove up to a nearby state park. After doubling checking that everything was safely on the cloud. I got out the backup option I had bought with the passport in LA. There was no way in hell I would last more than a year in federal pen and I didn’t want to keep running for the rest of my life. So that left one course of action. Six hundred milligrams of morphine sulfate and an IV kit. Once each vial hand been injected into the saline bag all I had to do was put the central line in and wait."

"I queued up one of my favorite acapella remixes on my phone to play me out while I watched the sunset over a beautiful fall landscape. The light and the foliage making an interesting interplay. On impulse I snapped a picture. And as everything faded to black…."

" Carry on, you will always remember

Carry on, nothing equals the splendor

Now your life's no longer empty

But surely heaven waits for you

Carry on my wayward son

There'll be peace when you are done

Lay your weary head to rest

Don't you cry

Don't you cry no more"

"When I came to I was standing at the overlook and there was a young black guy with a curly crew cut, sport shirt and skinny jeans standing in front of me. Like I’m cynical and crotchety as shit. I don’t do cute, but this guy was giving off serious adorkable vibes and I actually found myself wanting to hug him."

"Hi I’m Samuel."

"Uh, Ashley… You’re not an EMT…."

"I’m afraid it’s too late for that….." My stomach did the whole roller coaster drop as I turned around and was confronted by the mindfuck that is seeing yourself, or rather your body sitting on a park bench with an IV still sticking out of it’s arm. I looked down at my arms and got mind fuck number two, they were partially transparent "Balls…." It came out as a stunned whisper…. "So I’m…… Oh Jesus Fuck…. I’m….. and you’re….."

"A Reaper" at that point I sat down and started laughing hysterically as my mind just noped the fuck out.

"Ashley @#£?; born march /////, died October 30th 2019, 6:20 pm. Bit of a rap sheet. Besides the usual petty human shit; we have grand larceny, vandalism, ‘cyber terrorism’, hubris, gluttony, alcohol abuse, and self-harm." “Not going to bring up my porn collection?" still laughing my ass off, Samuel smirks "The powers generally don’t give a baboon’s behind about that stuff hon." I laugh harder "SUCK IT FUNDIES SUCK IT"

"Yeah I was not handling death well and the laughter quickly turned into those big heaving full body sobs." Samuel sat down next to me and pulled me in for a hug as I rode it out. "So, I’m going down stairs I take it?"

"Of course, not Ashley!"

"Wah!?"

"You’ve made mistakes some of them big and your going to have to work on things but at the end of the day your still good people."

"What happens now?"

"We meet the boss."

"God!!?" Samuel chuckles "No more middle management…."

*003*2018-04-23 01:38

"There was a flash and a brilliant column of light appeared overhead. A sound like roaring waves and ten thousand voices signing all at once range out. I smelled ozone and a thousand other things I couldn’t describe. The air began to hum and vibrate. Suddenly I was flying. I could see the ground receding beneath getting smaller and smaller and suddenly holy shit throwing monkeys we’re in space!!! I watch stars and galaxy’s fly past, I could see them exploding into and out of existence. Like at any minute I expected Carl Sagan to start narrating. Finally, I could see a wall of white up ahead. Really? Like seriously? That’s actually real?" Samuel just smiles.

"So yeah I did the whole flying up from my body and going into the light thing. That is apparently legit or at least legit as far as the limited processing power of our monkey brains are concerned. When I could see again I was standing in a building that seemed infinitely large and with an architectural style that could only be describe as the love child of Steve Jobs and MC Escher." I followed Samuel watching lines of people from an uncountable number of species queuing or just going about their business. The staff seemed to be an equally diverse mix. After walking for I don’t even know how long I was led in to a conference room marked ‘orientation’."

*004*2018-04-23 18:43

Eventually a being that I can only describe by what it wasn’t walked in. They didn’t have a clear gender or any distinguishing features for that matter. The best way I could describe them was if you were to imagine what the most perfectly average human could look like and you would get this. There was some major uncanny valley shit going on. "Hello, I’m Meanaria’el or Min for short" they had a pleasant smile at least "Ashley /////"

"Welcome to orientation Ashley."

"So yeah, about that. Orientation for what?"

"I suppose you could call it ‘penance’ or in more modern parlance ‘community service’."

"Ahh… So is this like a karma or will of God thing? Do I have a choice?"

"Always, and that is what has led you here. Actions have consequences and the universe seeks equilibrium."

"You can choose to carry out your tasks or ignore them. The outcome is up to you. That is to borrow a term, karma, the weave and flow of actions and consequences." Min smiles. "Well sitting on my ass for all eternity sounds hella boring, what’s the job?"

"You have been selected by the Powers to be a specialized Reaper, a trouble shooter if you will. Your job will be to rescue souls in crisis and confront various threats."

"Basically, I run around doing the Sam and Dean/Harry Dresden thing with a bit of social work thrown in?" Min chuckles "You could phrase it like that, yes….. Now here is your hand book it offers tips, tricks, and guidelines on how to best carry out your job. Samuel will be your supervisor/partner while on the job."

"I’ll mostly hang back and let you get a feel for things, but don’t hesitate to ask if you need anything."

I pick up the small black leather book, the gold letters on the front flash through several dozen languages before settling on English. "Your first job will be a ‘justice for the dead’ type affair in West Virginia. Angela Myers nineteen years old when she was killed by her boyfriend in an altercation, the trauma has trapped her there. Your job is to help her move on. How you do that is up to you."

"Sounds simple enough, when do we leave?"

"Now" Everything flashes white.

*006*2018-04-24 03:05

And I’m standing in a field just south of Morgantown. I look down and see that I’m wearing one of my favorite casual outfits; med-wash shortalls, clubber Cthulhu meme t-shirt, denim vest covered in rips/patches, tights, red chucks, urban camo cadet cap, and my canvas shoulder bag. Samuel is standing next to me. Something feels off though and it takes me a minute to figure out what it is. My underwear feels unusually thick and snug but in very familiar way.

I pull down my shorts and tights, revealing a large white diaper. "WHAT THE FUCK!!!"

"Huh…. heard of this particular version but never seen it in person." I sheepishly pull my pants up as I Iook questioningly at Samuel. "You know about this? Like this seems like something off a fet board and I didn’t think gods were in to that sort of thing. Then again with some of the ways Zeus got his freak on…."

"Your form in death reflects who you were in life. Typically, unresolved conflicts will manifest physically…."

"SON OF A BITCH!!!"

"Like I was saying" Samuel has a bemused expression on his face. So yeah, I had just flooded the diaper without warning. "I take it it’s not as fun when it’s not optional."

"Yeah…. Wait how the hell did you know that?"

"It’s in your file."

"Of course is it is."

"So what, because I had a kink in life and bunch of head baggage, I’m now incontinent in death?"

"Apparently…" I glare up at the sky and present two middle fingers. "Feeling better now?" Samuel say’s with a bemused smirk. I glare "Kinda…." We take off walking to a compact parked nearby.

*009*2018-04-24 17:38

"I suppose we should go over the basics. You don’t need to eat or sleep but can. You can’t be killed but your physical form can be destroyed sending you back top side. It’s best to avoid that, having to regularly reconstruct bodies makes for a whole lot of entropy juggling. You can turn non-corporeal for short periods but were stuck taking regular transport if it’s not a high priority situation. You can also change appearance at will. Any other abilities may appear over time."

I try to change the diaper, but it doesn’t seem to have worked. I pull down my shorts to check and yup still wet. I concentrate on my shirt and yep that changes so why not the diaper? "So how come it didn’t work?"

"Like I said manifestation of conflict, until you crossover that’s just something you’re going to have to deal with."

"Well I should at least change into something more professional, honestly I could use the confidence boost." And just like that I’m wearing a smart gray checked suit with white silk t, black slim leather trench, and black hat with white raven’s feather. I look over and Samuel is wearing a tan suit and Sperry’s that he some how manages to make work. "Now… I think your going to like this…. "

Samuel pops the trunk reveling enough hardware to invade a small country. "Go ahead and pick out your equipment." I pull out what looks like a midsized chromed automatic. "Good choice, that one has two settings. The first disrupts the life force of the target stunning them. The second one disintegrates small chunks of matter by scrambling the two nuclear forces." I hold it out and a way from myself carefully. "Simply think to shoot and don’t worry it can differentiate between serious intent and random thoughts." I visibly exhale before pulling out an ID fold that is blank on the inside. "Psychic Paper." I’m practically squeeing but manage to stop at a stupid grin. "Seriously!?"

"Ours is more reliable…." I pull out a small rod that suddenly telescopes into a thinner version of a long sword. "Angelic blade, made of collapsed matter and consecrated." Finally, I pull out a small piece of dark wood inlaid with swirls and sigils in some silvery metal. "Mages foci, interesting it’ll take time to learn how to use that but it’s an incredibly flexible tool."

"So now that we are kitted out, I guess we start the job?"

"That’s correct friendo’."

"I don’t know about you but I could use a cup of coffee after everything that’s happened, then we interview the victim?"

"It’s your call, so coffee than interview." Samuel drives while I ride shotgun as we drive into town.

*012*2018-04-28 19:21

Pulling up to a small gas station we walk straight into a cliché origin story scene. There’s the clerk and there’s the guy who’s clearly spent the past couple days running on nothing but amphetamines holding a gun on said clerk. I do the only thing I can think of which is to try and draw the guys fire. "Hey asshole!!" Yeah not exactly original I know… So the guy turns and I’ve just walked in. I’m about mid-way between the door and the spinning thing of hotdogs, standing next to a display of cup’o noodles, when I feel something impact my chest before I hear two loud popping cracks. If were keeping things 100%, I definitely let out a few spurts from the shock. So, I’m standing there in a freshly wet diaper and looking at two bleeding holes in my chest. Within seconds I see the smushed slugs get pushed out, falling to the ground with a faint ping. The bleeding stops, and the two holes knit closed.

Both of us are standing there slack jawed as I wave my hand over my chest and my suit is good as new; no holes, no blood. I recover first and walk up to the guy grabbing the gun by the barrel and racking the slide back. Then I drive a solid right into his nose feeling it break as he flops to the ground, shitting himself based on the smell. I’m left standing there holding the gun. I flip it around, eject the mag, and toss it aside. I calmly walk up to the cooler and grab one of those Starbucks coffee drinks and starting loading Krispy Kreme’s into a box from the display case. I walk up to the register and slap a hundred down in front of the stunned clerk. "Can I get a pack of those menthols as well."

"What!?... What are you?"

*014*2018-04-29 23:48

I reach into the pocket of my jacket and pull out the psychic paper which turns into a very official looking DOD government ID "Agent Alexa Crowley Division 42, this is Agent Deacon. You are going to listen to me very carefully, okay?" The clerk nods wide eyed. "You will tell the local blues when they get here nothing but the truth. We came in for some coffee and interrupted the robbery. We seemed like spooks or feds but you didn’t get a good look. We paid for the coffee and left, do you understand?"

"Yes!!" Is all the clerk manages to squeak out. I reach across the counter grab the pack of menthols, then pick up my breakfast and head out to the car. "Agent ‘Alexa Crowley’?"

"Shut up!" Both Samuel and I are smirking at each other as we climb in.

While driving down the road I try to light up and fail hysterically, hacking and chocking before I get the hang of. Samuel turns to me. "In your file it says you’ve never smoked before?"

"Well I figure now that I’m dead cancer isn’t exactly a problem and well…." I hold up my right hand which has a visible tremor. Samuel nods looking concerned "Understood partner…" I crush out the cig and clear my throat with a sip of coffee before starting on one of the donuts.

*016*2018-05-13 03:45

Ch. 2

We pull up to small ranch house that could have used several new coats of paint. Steeping through the crime scene tape and the broken door we find ourselves in the foyer. Walking into the living room we see a young woman sitting with her head in her hands. She would have looked perfectly ordinary accept that she seemed bizarrely hazy, her colors muted and outline indistinct. She seemed almost transparent.

“Angela Myers?”

“You!?.... You can see me. Oh my God every one I’ve tried to talk to hasn’t respond and I saw….. I saw them carry me out. Am I? Oh are you?....” I look at her with an expression of pained sympathy. Samuel “We’re the people who close up and turn off the lights when the last dance is done… Reapers sweetie. We’re here to help….”

“So I’m… dead? For real?” It’s at this point that the tears start. This is the ultimate words are not sufficient scenario. What do you say to someone who got one of life’s greatest mysteries answered in full on being run over by a freight train fashion? So, I just sit there with Angela and hold her quietly as the tears gradually turn to dry heaving sobs. “So… So, what happens next?” her voice is hoarse and cracking. “Honestly I don’t know. I just started this job today and that’s way above my paygrade.”

“Your?....”

“Newly deceased? Yep same as you.”

It’s at this point that I feel my chest go tight and I can’t breathe, or at least that’s what it feel’s like. Do I even actually breathe now? And then it’s Samuel holding both of us through meltdown part two. As embarrassing as it is to admit it wasn’t just my face that was wet by the end. Samuel “Is there anything we can do for you?”

“I don’t know how I feel towards Terry now. I suppose he was always angry at something. I just didn’t want to see it. You know?” I nod. “I guess it was the cannery closing that set him off. I just never expected him to…..”

I squeeze her hand. “I just don’t want any one else to get hurt… Even Terry if that’s at all possible.”

“This ends now Angela I promise.” Looking her square in the face. “But I need some info from you first.”

“Anything!”

“Do you know where Terry might have gone, somewhere the cops wouldn’t have already looked?”

“There’s this old farm out on route 27 where we used to party as kids…” I get the address, give Angela’s hand one last reassuring squeeze. Then Samuel and I are off to see justice done.

*018*2018-05-13 16:14

We pull up to a decaying farmhouse sitting on several acres of fields and trees. As the cooling motor clicks and pings, we step out of the car, and Terry comes charging out of the house with a 12’ gauge. Two panic fired shots go wide one of taking out the left headlight. Terry is rabbiting across the field. Getting shot at for the second time is startling but actually not that unsettling once you remember that you’re already dead. I set off at a fast walk and draw my sidearm. I focus on a stunning blast as Samuel instructed and just like that a green flash exits the barrel striking our not so clever outlaw square in the back. Terry drops like the proverbial sack of potatoes.

As I get close to him I feel power surging through me as in some kind of unconscious fashion black wings sprout from my back, then no sooner do I think of it but a musical intro starts playing. Huh apparently, I can do minor tricks and special effects… cool. So yeah not gonna lie; I have a thing for theatrics and for the first time that day I’m feeling good as I roll up on this guy. Black wings spreading and all the while.

“O, Death

O, Death

O, Death

Won't you spare me over 'til another year

Well what is this that I can't see

With ice cold hands takin' hold of me

Well I am Death, none can excel

I'll open the door to Heaven or Hell”

“What the hell are you freak show?”

“I think you all ready know the answer Terry. I’m a reaper, sent by the Powers, with a capital P, to rescue the soul of Angela Myers and bring her murderer to justice.”

“I… I didn’t….”

“I spoke to Angela she named you as her killer.”

“Please!! It was an accident, I just…. I just wanted to…. I don’t want to die!!” Terry scrambles for the gun but I kick it up into my hand and sling it over my shoulder. “Not exactly fun when you’re on the receiving end eh? That feeling of panic and helplessness. Luckily for you even though we’re doing the whole “on a mission from God” thing I don’t feel like that gives us carte blanch to do whatever we feel like. Samuel what are your thoughts?”

“The usual protocol in this kind of situation is to mark them and turn them over to the temporal authorities. Mark them? It’s a kind of impression for lack of a better term, made on their soul. It allows us to track them, most people can’t see it but will get a general feeling of unease around the person. Simply will it and it shall be done.” I turn to Terry who has the expression of a mouse being stared down by a T-rex on his face. “So we’re taking you to the station house. You will walk through the doors and turn yourself in. If you run we will find you, do you understand?” My eyes flare with white light as I say this, which is probably one of the most badass things I had done up to that point. Terry just nods. I place my hand on his forehead and a glowing sigil appears.

After driving Terry to the station we stand outside watching him walk in, before someone joins us. It’s Angela. “Thank you so much.” We pull in for a hug. “I take it you’re not coming with? Unfortunately, I’ve still got unfinished business. Well I’ll be waiting to shake your hand when you arrive.” Angela smiles sadly as she steps back and a familiar column of light appears. Samuel places a hand on my shoulder as we watch her vanish skyward.

*020*2018-05-13 23:37

After wrapping up my first mission as a reaper Samuel informed me that until the next emergency I’m off duty. We stop by a CVS where I grab a pack of always-discreets and change in the bathroom. I’m soaked and must have wet a good five to six times over the course of the day. I switch the rest of my clothes to ripped black jeans, pink long sleeve t, and white hoody with pink racing stripes down the arms and zip. With that out of the way it’s a quick stop at a local diner. Technically I don’t need to eat but this body still runs on chemicals and if I don’t eat, it continuously drains power to keep it operational, leaving me tired and sluggish. Plus from a psychological stand point I want something rich and fatty after the day I’ve had. Samuel and I catch a charter flight out of North Central West Virginia Airport back to Boston. All told it’s about 1:00 a.m. when I stagger back into my apartment for the first time in months and crash. Flopping onto the bed with my clothes still on.

*022*2018-05-14 17:46

The next morning I woke up around nine to a saturated pullup. Groaning, I crawled out of bed and tried to magic my clothes out of the way but found I couldn’t. More angry noise followed as I striped down and walked into the bathroom. Tearing off the spent underwear I went to wipe myself clean when I had a thought. I looked in the mirror and saw the reflection of someone who had a rough night. My hair, dyed blue, was out of place so I quickly but it back into the asymmetric flip cut I normally keep it in. I’m not happing about my chunky gut, but at least it’s smooth. Laser was what I splurged and spent my signing bonus on and is one of the few decisions I don’t regret. Then there’s my bits I think to myself. My C-cups make an incongruous contrast to the small girl cock between my legs. Most days I don’t mind it, but I can’t help but wonder what it would be like having a “matching set”.

It’s at this point that I have a wonderful idea. I focus hard and there’s a brief burning sensation. When I look down, between my legs is the most beautiful vulva I’ve ever seen (admittedly I’m pretty biased). Grinning I check my self out in the mirror for several minutes. Looking up at the ceiling “Okay I’m decidedly less pissed off at you guys now!”

I change into a fresh pullup and a band t-shirt before walking out into the living hunting for coffee and breakfast. When I get out there I notice two things. One I can smell coffee and two, Meanaria’el is setting at my kitchen counter with takeout. “Uh…. Hey boss…” So yeah this has got be top of the list for awkward situations. Finding your new supervisor sitting in your living room and you wearing a pullup and old t-shirt. “Hi Ashley, just wanted to pop in and see how you’re holding up? Um… Kinda embarrassed and confused right now? Understandable; but there’s no need to be. I know all about your situation and I am the one dropping in unannounced.” Min has a faint smile on their face.

“I got breakfast sandwiches from that deli you like, the one off Tremont. Thank you? Sorry don’t mean to be rude… Oh please I sometimes forget that most people aren’t used to friends just materializing next to them. Sorry if this is coming across as a bit... stalker’ish, is that the word?” I laugh a little. “It’s okay Min, breakfast sounds great.”

So yeah we sit down and go over my report and the mission. “So there’s one thing I wanted to ask, why I couldn’t I magic up a new set of clothes this morning but I was able to change my… equipment? In short, you over extended yourself. You can’t make something ex nihlo, that’s a rule even we can’t break. The matter and or energy must come from somewhere. Trying to do to much at once is going to drain you and leave you feeling burned out, especially since you had repair your body as well. So I guess that explains why I feel like shit this morning. Min nods. Whereas changing from internal to external was just a matter of reversing what happened in utero. Put simply, yes. Min seems proud of how quickly I’m picking up on things, but their face is hard to read.

*023*2018-05-14 19:50

“As I’m sitting there after breakfast I feel a sudden pressure and my stomach makes an audible rumble. Fuck!” I knock over the chair in my haste to get up then freeze knowing I’m not going to make it. Min walks up to me and pulls me into a surprise hug. “Shhh… It’s okay just let it happen. This is part of the process, it sucks but you’ll get through it, just relax and let go.” It’s at this point that I lose the battle. I let out a bit of gas before I feel a warm soft mass filling my special undies. This is surprisingly different then when I have an IBS flair it’s more consistent and regular. I feel myself breathing heavily into Min’s shoulder as my bladder joins the party adding a warm wetness to the sensory mix. I shudder as I continue to push out several firm large ones. By the time I’m done the pullup looks like it’s about to blow out and is noticeably sagging.

“It’s okay, let’s get you cleaned up. You’ll feel a lot better afterwards.” My brain has pretty much blue screened from the shock of shitting my self in front of my new boss, so I don’t even question it as Min picks up a large bag and leads me into my room. Somehow there’s a changing mat on the bed and Min tells me to lie back. I flush pink as Min rips open the pullup exposing my messy girl bits. After tossing the spent one Min grabs a pack of wipes and begins cleaning me up. I go an even deeper shade of red as for the first time someone touches my sensitive new lips, before going lower and working through my crevice. I make several embarrassed yelps at sensations because… well… I got a bit turned on okay? Happy now? (huffs indignantly)

Min has me fresh and clean in about five minutes and brings over a new thick tape-up that is a pleasant sky-blue color. More embarrassed squeaks as min works in a liberal amount of lotion, then powder, and I’m take up into layer of warm, dry, padding. “I’m sorry about that, that you had to deal with that” Min has instant changed into a pair of sweats and a tank. It’s a look I’m not used to on them. Min climbs onto the bed behind me and pulls me into spoon softly stroking my hair. “It’s okay, you have nothing to be ashamed of. I see your pain. I see how despite being lost and broken, you get back up and keep fighting. You are forgiven. You are loved.” Their voice is strangely calming, warm, and almost musical. I feel myself drifting off into a deep dreamless sleep.

