An Unorthodox Academy Training Program

Author: LochBlk52

*000*2025-09-24 22:12

The bare floorboards creaked and groaned with each footstep as the three women crested the top of the stairs, the clack of the heels of their smartly polished, void black shoes echoing through across the landing as they strode along it towards their destination. The woman in front glanced to the door on her right as she passed it, her eyes straying from her path for a fraction of a second, and anyone not in the know would have thought nothing of it. 

Nobody out of the know would have noticed her fingers grip the tray in her hands tighter, noticed her pace waver for a step, noticed how her gaze almost burned a hole clean through the polished oak with its intensity. Behind her, 3 paces or so, a lady put pen to paper in a fraction of a second, the sound of the click sending the group's leader back into a perfectly rehearsed routine. They arrived at their destination a few moments later, another finely crafted door at the very end of the corridor marked with a pair of initials. The leading lady took the tray up in one hand, the full jug of ice cool water shaking ever so slightly, and tapped gently on the door three times. "Come in, Heather," called a gentle voice from within.

Heather opened the door gently and stepped through, followed closely by the other two, and returned to holding the tray in both hands. The room was a large, fine master bedroom adorned with hand-crafted furniture, art on the walls, another door that led on to a walk-in wardrobe of considerable size. Before the grand window was a dressing table and chair in which sat the lady of the house, adorned in a pink gown. Heather approached her and stopped, taking in a breath. Another stroke of the pen sounded from the entrance of the room. 

"My lady," began Heather, slowly bending over in a bow, "You-." She stopped for the briefest moment, a breath heavier than the one before. Heather felt the gaze of the two by the door and bent further. "You requested a jug of water." The lady of the house shifted in her seat to face the bowing maid, looking her up and down for a second. Her immaculate black dress was broken up only by a white apron and white frills on the shoulders, cutting off just above the ankle to reveal some of her white stockings. Her long, light brown hair was topped by a white headdress that did not so much as slouch even bent almost 90 degrees. Such was the uniform standards of a maid. "I did, Heather, thank you very much for your quick work." Heather stood back up at her acknowledgement, her flushed cheeks already losing some colour. "Please place it on the dresser and ensure my bed is made. I have to use the bathroom for moment."

Heather made a soft noise between a supressed squeak and choked whimper as the lady quickly left the room. "Yes, my lady," she almost snapped out. The sound of the door snapping shut covered a drawn out groan as Heather shifted her legs in place under her dress and dropped her arms slightly. A sharp clear of the throat, the swift movement of pen to paper, and approaching footsteps shook her to reality. "Even outside the scrutiny of the employer, whether that be by sight or hearing, the standards of the agency are maintained without fault. Groaning over a 5 minute delay is not according to agency standards, Heather, is it?" The quotation was exact, the tone clear and with a sharp edge that gleamed like polished steel.

"No, Instructor Izumi, it is not. My apologies," replied Heather, moving to place the jug and glass down on the lady's dresser. Izumi flipped to another page on her clipboard and noted something else as the other woman in the room moved from the doorway to near the bed. "I told you to expect a curveball on your first hardcore assessment, Heather, and this is a realistic one. I can't begin to tell you how many delayed but desperately needed breaks I've had while on duty. I'm sure Instructor Izumi could say the same."

"Perhaps I could, but I won't while the assessment is ongoing, Miss Monahan," replied Izumi. "My "curveball" may seem cruel and unusual to someone with your experience, Heather. but trust me when I say that this sort of training is vital."

To Heather, stuck in her predicament with a litre of cool water splashing around in the jug she was placing daintily on the dresser, it was little comfort. The weight of the liquid reminded her of the weight inside her, the hot pressure, the need that clawed at her otherwise focused mind like a rabid animal. Heather, 26-years old and student at the prestigious Academy for the Instruction of Domestic Staff in Lincolnshire, had to piss like a racehorse. Her poor, swollen, aching bladder was squeezed tight under her dress, wrapped around by the waistband of her plain black panties that felt almost like a rough belt in her state of need. 

She swore every step she took was going to be her last dry. That the desire to release that had never left her thoughts for even a second over the last 2 hours would hijack her body and open the floodgates over the floorboards she had scrubbed this morning. That her mentor and one of the academy's senior instructors would watch a grown woman wet herself in a fine dress, the warm puddle spreading across the, little rivers running off yellow-stained stockings. She had never wanted to scream worse in her life, but she feared Izumi's reaction to having "FUCK!!" echoing through the training house a little more than she needed the release of that pressure.

"I'm sure I shall see the light of your wisdom in good time, Instructor Izumi," remarked Heather kindly, placing the tray down and moving over to the rolled up and crumpled bedsheets. She looked over the problem and tried to figure out just how she could do this without stretching too much, which in her state was barely any at all, and worked out to her bladder's horror that there was none. The realisation sent her left ankle into the back of her right foot. That that was as much crossing she could get away with without hearing another mark against her being written down drove her nuts.

"It has been 2 minutes since her lady left the room, Heather," intoned Izumi, checking a pocket watch. 2 minutes, thought Heather, she hadn't even realised it was 30 seconds. Her very sense of time was drowning in her desperation. She reached out with uneasy fingers and began to push and pull at the sections of the bedding that didn't require stretching, taking comfort in her long training on the subject to do something that took a fraction of fraction of her attention off the pulsing waves of desperation crashing up against her pee hole. 

Her mentor, Kate Monahan, a maid with 18-years of experience before returning to the school that moulded her, watched her from the other side of the bed, forbidden from interfering beyond some general encouragement and taking notes for future lectures. "You are doing great, Heather," she said with a smile. Heather could only give her a look that she hoped got across the message: I am about to wet myself all over this perfectly pressed uniform and nice bed. I'm doing fucking terrible.

At last the time came that Heather was dreading. All other options were exhausted and all she had to show for it was a few more seconds worth of warm piss in her bladder. She was going to have to stretch over the bed and open her legs a little to straighten out the last bit of the sheets. There was, thankfully, no rules against rubbing your thighs together under your uniform, save for if it was outwardly noticeable as fidgeting, during the hardcore assessment, and Heather was half sure it was the reason her panties didn't feel like they had been dropped in a puddle at this point. 

That they were completely dry was a point of pride that had kept her spirits up over the long torment of her bursting bladder. Now there was no certainty she could keep them that way over a simple movement. She took a breath, steeled herself, and went for it. The movement was done in a flash of professionalism, the damage was equally quick to make itself known. Heather gasped and stepped back, slamming her legs together and praying for the pressure to pass. "Instructor, I just leaked a little bit."

Izumi's pen was already moving at the sound of her gasp, let alone the admission that the maid-in-training had just lost a little bit of her bladder's contents. "You have just urinated on yourself?" Izumi's phrasing hit her bladder like a tonne of bricks. Heather shook her head, "Ah, only a drop, Instructor Izumi. I am so, so sorry." The instructor gestured to Heather to step back and peered at where she had been standing, scanning for any hint of glistening on the floorboards. Kate bit her nails and looked to Heather who looked away. 

"I don't see anything on the floor here, Heather, and an unnoticeable leak does not breach agency standards. Had you kept quiet and moved on instead of making all that noise, you would have been completely fine. I will, however, take into account your adherence to the honesty agreement." The slight reprieve for the desperate maid lifted Heather's spirits as she felt the tiny wet patch sticking to her most sensitive of places. The spurt was not enough to notice, not enough to make any space in her bladder, just enough to kick up her desperation to 11. 

"Could I please request use the bathroom now, Instructor Izumi?" The plea was almost as full of desperation as her bladder. Kate did a gesture to her colleague. Izumi looked between the two and back to her clipboard. "The hardcore assessment guidelines may not be breached outside of truly exceptional circumstances. The next stage of the assessment is your bathroom break, however, the unexpected delay factors still apply."

The group left the bedroom in the same order they entered. Heather's feet dragged ever so slightly as she tried with all her might to remain prim and proper while also trying not to pee herself mere metres from the bathroom door. Her eyes couldn't stop themselves this time as they plunged their gaze into the polished oak door, Izumi's note taking be damned. Heather stood to the door's right under a painting of some old lord on horseback while Izumi and Kate stood across from her against the banister overlooking the open downstairs.

Heather pressed her thighs together tight and subtly gripped her dress, curling her toes and looking to the instructor. The thought that the cool, open sea of a porcelain throne was mere steps behind the locked oak door made the words halt in her throat before she could speak them. A good thing too as she was supposed to act as if in earshot of the lady pissing away all her hard held waters on the other side of the door, enjoying the bliss of relieving a throbbing bladder bulge, feeling warm piss splashing back against her thighs from the force of her hard, hissy stream oh, "Oh," groaned Heather out loud as the thoughts made her pee hole spasm once more and a jet of warmth filled her panties.

Izumi's eyes were on her in a second, so were Kate's. "Oooohhh," groaned Heather again, this time accompanied by the unmistakable sound of liquid hitting wood in one sharp, hard, short stream. There was no time for words, no time for action from the three of them as they faced the collective realisation that 10 minutes of bursting waiting had become 10 seconds to bursting. The door flew open faster than that, the lady dashing out in a flash of pink and pretty much skidding to her knees at Heather's feet. In her hand was a deep jug marked every 50ml. Heather didn't need to be told, didn't need to be given permission, didn't even consider trying to move to the toilet another 5 seconds of running away. Her dress came up in a flash, bearing white panties with a dripping wet gusset that were themselves ripped aside in the blink of an eye as she squatted down and exploded.

Heather's bladder exploded. Heather's bladder burst. Heather's bladder voided itself of every last drop of warm piss it had been holding for 3 hours with a stream that could douse a raging hearth. The jug filled in a matter of seconds as a hissing stream filled it with a thunderous noise of urine on plastic and then liquid on liquid. The yellow warmth flowed past 500 in 8 seconds and kept going up with barely a sign that half a litre had just left the aching bladder of a maid who now moaned like she was getting a very different need fulfilled. It felt as good.

The weight and pressure of it all draining out of her bladder, releasing its death grip on her mind and senses. She could hear the relief, smell it slightly, and all she could do was lose herself in the bliss of a bladder popped. "Hey, watch the stream there," came an exasperated cry from the lady as she angled the jug to match the changing stream. "Sorry... my lady," replied Heather, weakly. The stream went on for 21 seconds before it stopped.

Heather took a minute to breath, eyes shut, appreciating the feeling of her bladder shrinking back down to size. She felt so warm and relieved. She felt the wetness of her panties smearing across the gap just above her stockings. She felt the embarrassment washing over her realising she was squatting down in front of 3 of her instructors, including her mentor, with her pee-covered pussy bare and hovering over a jug filled with her hot urine. "Are you alright?" said the lady, inspecting the jug closely too to mark her capacity. "I... am okay, My Lady," replied Heather, voice wavering. 

"It's just Marie now, Heather, the hardcore assessment is over." Marie gestured over to Kate, "Take Heather back to her accommodation please, Miss Monahan. Instructor Izumi, a word please."

"Yes Ma'am," replied Kate, walking over to help Heather to her feet, steadying the British girl as she moved her wet panties back into position. The sniffles started from Heather quickly after they got out of earshot of the now conferring Izumi and Marie. "Hey, don't be upset at yourself over that, Heather. Nobody is going to be mad at you for that, you aren't going to get kicked out or demoted a year or whatever other disaster thinking you've got cooking up." 

She patted Heather on the back as they walked down the stairs and towards the front door of the training manor. "I just pissed in a jug in front of you, one of the most well respected instructors in the academy, and the vice head of a department. How do I not get in trouble for that?," she stammered, wiping her eyes. "It's nothing that hasn't happened before to many of us, Heather," replied Kate, gesturing to herself. "I pissed myself at the back door in the winter in Canada while working my first housekeeping job. I was freezing and covered in it. To me you got off lucky with just a grade J for jug used. "At least you can see a joke in my misfortune," Heather shot back, following her out into the evening air under the trees. "Oh, it's not a joke, Heather. Grade J is a real thing that we prepare for after some trainee maid named Izumi had a mishap during the inter-academy competitions way back when."

Heather barely had time to put two and two together to create a mental flashbang before Kate threw another one. "Hey, I was also holding throughout that entire assessment and kinda need to piss like a racehorse." The statement made Heather's bladder twang with sympathy, a few hundred millilitres still stuck in the pipes. "I didn't let everything out. We should hurry back to my accommodation then." For the first time in hours, Heather actually crossed her legs opening, a move Kate matched. 

"Mmmm, too few toilets, too many bursting girls. Plus I don't want you feeling like you're the only one who had to pop an embarrassing squat today. I'm going in that fucking bush." Before Heather could respond to her mentor's sudden declaration, the 37-year old was dashing across the grass to a line of bushes just outside the reach of the many bright campus streetlights. Her bladder sure responded quick and the threat of soaking her panties further had her running to join the blonde Canadian as she poured her bladder out into the mud and bush. Her stream joined Kate's a few seconds later and the two watched the steam rise into the air without a word. Heather's lasted another 12 seconds, Kate slowly let her relief play out over 40. "I know you'll get an incredible grade on your next attempt, Heather. The academy trains us in all the skills needed to be at the top of the class in our industry. Not pissing your panties is just another... unorthodox skill to not put on your resume."

The two stood up and Heather prepared to pull her clammy panties back up when Kate stopped her, handing her a fresh pair from seemingly out of nowhere. "You don't deserve to walk home uncomfortable after all that. Heather pulled them up and her eyes went a wide. They were warm and wet. The wetness sure as hell wasn't pee. "Not a word to a soul," said Kate with a wink. "Not a word to a soul," said Heather with a blush.

Author's note:

This is the first time I have written a story like this for a long while. I wrote it mostly off the cuff on the site post maker, apologies if it is a little rough.

*001*2025-09-28 19:48

The shrill beeping of her alarm woke Heather from her deep slumber at quarter past 9 the next morning, rolling under the sheets to bring her hand down on the clock and stop the annoying sound. She groaned and stretched and she rolled onto her back and stared at the ceiling. It may have been a new day but her mind was still caught up by the events of last evening. "A grade J." she remarked, rolling her eyes and snickering at how silly it all was now. One of the most prestigious institutes in the domestic housekeeping industry, an academy over 160-years old, had a grading system that accounted for a maid or butler not being able to hold their waters but at least doing it something other than their clothes. She slapped her face and rubbed her eyes, shifting her legs around which immediately confirmed 2 things to her:

1. She at least wasn't exhausted enough when she got back to her dorm room to sleep in her dress, instead wearing a pair of PJ shorts and a top.

2. She was about to wet the bed.

The sudden thump of pressure down there turned her brain on like a light, banishing the tiredness with a tide of clarity that a wave of warm piss was about to flood into her bed if she didn't act. "Fuck, fuck, fuck me," she gasped out, scrambling up to her feet and barrelling out of her room to the bathroom she shared with the dorm next door, a hand glued between her legs and squeezing hard to try and push the pressure back up her pee hole and into a bladder that had no space to take it back in. 

The screaming need deafened her to any noises inside the bathroom until she tried the handle and felt it stand fast against her wild yanking. It was a feeling of white hot terror, of primal need scratching at her senses. "Iris, please, Iris, I need to come in!!!" She must've sounded like a madwoman to the girl she'd gotten to know like a traditional roommate over their time here.

"Christ on a bike, Heather," came a shocked response from within, feet clattering against tiles. "I'm getting changed out of the shower, almost fell. Gimme a minute to get my panties on at least."

"Iris, I can't wait!!" Heather hammered on the door again, lifting her legs up and squirming around as she squeezed her muscles tight against the hot pressure slowly but surely working its way down her pee hole towards her panties... wait, no. These aren't her panties.

The other event of the evening hit her like a brick as she remembered taking a squat piss with her mentor, Kate, and just how fucking good that piss felt. Big mistake. Big, big mistake. Bigger than the jet of warm piss she felt fill those black panties as the sound of Kate's stream hissing away filled her mind. Her thighs crossed tight as Heather struggled not to fall. 

"I'm leaking here, Iris!! I can't hold it, I can't!!" She peeled her wet fingers back for the briefest moment to confirm there was now a little dark spot on her otherwise perfect light grey shorts. The tiniest glisten on her left thigh also caught her attention and caused her bladder to leak another few drops in sympathy. "Ahhh, I'm gonna wee myself here, Iris!!", she cried, hammering on the door and resting her feet on top of each other. "Fucking...", came an annoyed reply as fast footsteps approached the door and the lock turned in slow motion, the door swinging open to reveal Iris in pink panties and tank top, sweatpants laid out by the steamed up shower cubicle.

Whatever snaky remark iris had to say about "the throne being ready for the bratty princess" feel on Heather's deaf ears as she catapulted herself into the bathroom, her frantic gaze landing on the toilet, its lid closed and teasing her. Weak, wet fingers slipped on the wood once, twice, another leak filled her panties and ran out onto her thighs, causing some profanity filled reaction from Iris as she watched drops hit the tiles. 

It didn't matter to Heather as the lid gave way and was slammed up against the porcelain, her feet swivelled her around, thumbs felt around her waistband and yanked her bottoms down as her legs gave way as she crashed down the second her bladder, realising relief was at hand, shattered into a million pieces. A thunderous jet of wee splashed down into the cool water below, filling the room with the deafening sound of a beyond bursting woman finally reaching relief. Iris could only stand there and look away as her friend rest her arms on her legs and held her head in her hands, humming and groaning as the weight left her stretched bladder.

"Oh yesssss," hissed Heather as she gasped and looked down to watch her bladder still doing its best to blast through the toilet bowl after 20 seconds of pissing her need away, then another 20 seconds worth, then finally slowing down a trickle after a minute of orgasmic relief.

"Holy shit, uhh, you weren't kidding there, Heather. Sorry." Iris's apology brought Heather down from cloud nine as she looked up to she her respectfully finishing getting dressed with her back turned. "Yeah, it's fine, no worries. My fucking bladder is toast after the hardcore exam. At least this time it's in an actual toilet," Heather replied as she quickly cleaned up and stood up, pulling her panties back up to be reminded by the cooling stain of her leaks. "You got caught short?", asked Iris. "Long story that I'll tell you after I shower," replied Heather as she rubbed around the waistband of the borrowed panties. She had a feeling Kate would like to hear about this. Another feeling told her that Kate might appreciate the panties back without having her accident washed out of them. A long chat with her mentor was in order soon.

*004*2025-10-01 21:37

{{8 hours ago, XxAbthedevxX said:

Damn this is great looking forward to the continuation maybe a flashback to Izumi's mishap

}}

Perhaps, perhaps...

*007*2025-10-13 15:35

{{4 hours ago, XxAbthedevxX said:

Will this continue ?

}}

Most likely but I am unsure when. I enjoy writing my other stories a lot more, have new ideas I'd like to write up, and have been ill and busy in general. The story is on the back burner but not forgotten.

