Lakshmi and I #3 (The Festival)

Author: LemonadeTank

*000*2024-11-26 09:04

*ding*

I glanced at my phone. A "heyyy", with an extraordinary number of y's and hearts tacked on, was plastered on my screen. Couldn't be anyone else.

"I need ur help with smth"

Generally, Lakshmi wasn't the type to text me at 11 pm asking for help with mundane stuff, so this was bound to be interesting.

"sup?" I texted back. "Want me to help you hold again? ;)"

Since the last time I'd been over at her place, I'd taken a leaf out of her playbook, teasing her about her newly-discovered interest in holding her pee. Mostly in retaliation, though there were times I couldn't help but slip it in for the funny.

"uff, this is more important. Basically, are you free Friday evening?"

I thought about it. She seemed serious.

"...sure. Why?"

"um... yk the temple ceremony thing then?"

"I thought you weren't religious"

"mhm, but my parents are essentially forcing me to go :/"

"...so you want me to come with you? They'll notice right"

"Nah, that's the best part." came the prompt reply. "They're not going themselves bc they're tOo BuSy. Hypocrites"

A whole round of texting later, I found out that she was supposed to bring a friend along, and had elected to drag along her "cutie bf" instead as a secret fuck you to the system, or something. Welp, guess I was doing this then.

Friday evening rolled around soon enough, and I found myself standing in the midst of the chaos that was a typical Indian temple festival. I was wondering how in the world I'd find Lakshmi in this mess when she tapped me on the shoulder.

I whirled around and there she was, clad in a vibrant crimson sari with her hair tied up in a neat bun. I'd just worn my usual shirt and trousers, and was feeling crazy underdressed by comparison.

"...well, you look different. Still cute, though." I winked.

I wasn't kidding there. While a sari isn't exactly the greatest outfit ever, Lakshmi still managed to look phenomenal in it, pairing it expertly with her makeup.

Fifty minutes later and we were just beginning to approach the head of the line.

"Damn, it's like 6 in the evening and I'm STILL baking."

"You think you have it bad? she pouted. "Look at me, in all this getup! ...nngh... it doesn't help that I...." her voice trailed off.

I was instantly alert.

"Huh?"

"Oh, um, nothing. This sari is just kinda uncomfy, that's all."

Her now-closely pressed legs, though, told a different story; one of a storm brewing between them. It seemed the coconut water was starting to hit.

Finally, we caught sight of the idol, went through the spiritual formalities and walked out.

Before we could leave, though, we had to collect the *prasad* (offerings to devotees) from a priestly man standing near the exit. Apart from the usual sweets and such that we quickly stuffed in a bag for later, it also consisted of a large tumbler of milk we had to chug down then and there.

I knew that the last thing Lakshmi's rapidly filling bladder needed was more liquid right now, but without any other choice, she slowly sipped from the vessel, shooting furtive glances in all directions.

Returning our tumblers, we walked back into the melee outside.

"So then," I asked, "What now?"

"hmm... there is a park not too far away... it shouldn't be too crowded at this time either."

"Alright, how do we get there then?"

"Gotta take the bus; I don't feel like walking right now..." she grimaced.

"You all right? Should I get some water?"

She pondered it for a moment.

"I guess so... not right now, but I might need more water soon. You don't wanna know how sweaty I'm getting beneath these layers."

As if on cue, my gaze travelled down the length of her sari, now noticing the sweat dripping down her exposed midriff. I jokingly reached a finger out.

"...perv." she pouted, then giggled. It was a suppressed giggle, though, like she was trying not to laugh.

Walking to a corner shop, I bought and handed to her a large bottle of water, from which she took a gulp before stashing it away.

Ten minutes after boarding the (surprisingly uncrowded) bus, we were at what seemed to be a rather large city park.

Getting off, I saw Lakshmi wince a little from the jolt to her bladder as her foot touched ground, her hand moving towards her crotch to "adjust her sari". I wondered how much she was holding inside herself by this point... after all, she had drunk easily a couple litres of fluid by now, and even with how sweaty we were getting, a good percentage of it must have travelled down rather than out.

Wordlessly, she looked at me and motioned to follow.

I walked behind her through the verdant expanse of the park until we came across a secluded bit of open space, kept hidden from prying eyes by a few large rocks and young trees.

"I found this spot while exploring, many years ago. Pretty cool, huh?" She turned and winked at me.

I sat on a small piece of flat rock and she followed, laying her head on my shoulders.

As I sat down, though, I realised my own bladder was getting quite full. After all, it wasn't just her who had downed copious amounts of liquid recently.

"hey, um, Lakshmi?"

"...mmm?"

"I'm just going to head to the restrooms real quick. You coming?" While I privately hoped she'd say no, I didn't want her to needlessly suffer either.

"I really have to pee, babe...", she admitted, "but I don't think I can."

"Huh?"

"Well, I don't actually know how to use the toilet in a sari... I'll have to take it off, and I don't know how to put it back on."

"Oh. So you mean you're stuck in it until you get back home?"

She nodded.

"Besides...", she moaned, biting her lip, "I like this. The pressure... the feeling of all this *susu* weighing down on me... it's turning me on."

I stood there, unsure whether to go back to her or relieve my own urges.

"*Ek kaam kar* (do me a favour)"

"Yeah?"

"Just check if someone's around real quick."

I nodded, surveilling the area as best as I could. Because we were in a deserted corner of the park, though, there was no one around.

"Okay... one more thing. You can go pee..." she smiled coyly. "If you do it here, in front of me."

I was dumbfounded for a second.

"Wait, what? You want me to just whip it out here? Right now?"

"Mmhm."

"Won't that just make your need worse?"

"I don't care."

I hesitated for a second, then reached for the button on my trousers.

Her smile transitioned to a smirk.

"It had better be a good, long stream, by the way.", she winked, grinding her cute butt desperately against the rock surface. "I'm storing this huge ocean of piss inside me and you had better not be running to the toilet over some tiny amount."

I could hardly believe this was real. I was standing here with the cutest girl I had ever known, the love of my life, squirming sexily in front of me, *while* telling me to torture her further with the sight and sound of my raging pee? Surely this was some kind of omo paradise.

I walked around to where she was.

"Come here.", she commanded, reaching out to my trousers and clumsily unbuttoning them, then yanking the zip down. My underwear soon followed.

The red on Lakshmi's face began to override the brown as I calmly pulled my throbbing, erect member out, aiming at the grass a little distance away.

"Wow...", she breathed, gently stroking her ample breasts with her free hand. "You're actually doing this."

While my erection made it a little difficult to get a stream started, a few pushes meant I soon had a steady flow of clear pee rushing out of my now-deflating bladder onto the grass and rocks below. While I had been holding it for a while, as I realised then, my mind was still more preoccupied with the plight of my sexy girlfriend right beside me.

Since we'd arrived, Lakshmi's movements had already become less and less subtle; the demure leg-crossing and lip-biting she'd been doing on the bus had long been replaced by frantic jiggling and moaning with a heady mixture of pain and horniness. Her bladder felt heavy and bloated, like a lead balloon, ready to unleash it's pent-up torrents at the first signal. Perhaps, at this rate, even without a signal.

The steady splashing sound of more and more warm liquid being added to the rapidly-expanding puddle not far from her feet only served to heighten her desperation; she could feel herself filling up even faster than before, her muscles spasming as they tried to push out the boiling sea of urine that was already inching closer and closer to her quivering pussy.

Finally, after about 45 seconds of pure torture for her aching sphincter, I was done. I zipped up and sat back down next to her.

"Well then," I said with an evil grin, "How're you feeling?"

All I got in response was another moan.

"I am... SO horny right now... but also... haaaaah... I'm so full.... I don't even know if I can make it back home without soaking myself..."

"Well," I put on my most commanding voice, "you're just gonna have to bear with it for the ride back. Your house is just a few stops away, right?"

She nodded. Her face was now beet-red from the effort, beads of sweat smudging her makeup in a way that somehow just made me want to kiss her right there and then, and never let go.

Right now, though, I decided it would be better to get her home dry first.

"Here." I offered my hand. "I'll help you get home. Unless you have some other ideas?"

"No..." she panted. Then, "Okay... give me a second."

She stood up, almost immediately twisting her legs into as much of a pretzel as her clothing would allow.

"AAAH!"

I glanced back at her. "Everything okay?"

"I'm... I'm good. I thought I leaked, but... I'm fine. For now." she mumbled through clenched teeth as she straightened herself.

"Let's go."

Surprisingly, Lakshmi was less of a quivering mess than I thought she'd be on the way to the bus stop. Sure, someone paying attention would have noticed her clenched fists and jaw, the massive bulge in her abdomen, and her abnormally slow shuffling walk while holding my grip in a vice, but thankfully no one was.

In another stroke of luck, we got there to find a bus already waiting, though no doubt we attracted a few stares with the extreme care Lakshmi was taking to not torture her poor bladder further while climbing in.

As the bus chugged along the poorly maintained city streets, she finally gave in and openly squirmed in her seat, holding herself and me in a vice that only tightened when we hit a bump or two on the road.

"nnnghh..." she groaned, "I'm gonna leak... I can feel it starting to come out."

I caressed her hair. "It's okay... just a few more minutes. Almost there."

"Are you sure?"

"I'm sure." I squeezed her hand, "Just keep calm and don't pee."

She rolled her eyes.

At last, after the longest twenty minutes of her life, we were standing at the gate to her apartment building. She hobbled through as fast as she could, only stopping once to double over and hold herself on the way to her door.

"...shit."

"It's okay, we're here. Now we just have to open the door and-"

"No, no, that's not what I mean..."

Now that we were out of sight, she had reverted to a full-on potty dance in front of my hungry eyes, wiggling her ample butt furiously as she fought to keep her dam intact.

"Because of the festival, our helper has taken half the day off, and both my parents are out...", she explained tearfully, "How will I get in now?!... I need to go so badly..."

I exhaled. *Stay calm,* I told myself, *there has to be something you can do.*

"There should be a spare key somewhere here. We just have to find it."

"Y-you're right..." she stuttered, "they usually keep one behind this plant here."

She removed one hand from her crotch, then froze, quickly shoving it back in as she bent over and danced a little on the spot.

"hey, um... do you think you can get it for me? I'm... a little scared of what will happen if I remove my hands."

I obliged, grabbing the keys and opening the door. She followed, still bent over and holding herself tightly.

"Ugh..." she groaned softly, "It's like my bladder knows the toilet is right there..."

"Well, all you have to do is take your sari off now, and you're done." I whispered encouragingly. "You can do it."

She shook her head.

"Huh?"

"If I remove my hands now..." she groaned, her sari already beginning to slip a little as she danced around, "it's all going to come out- AAH!"

She bent double as an audible hiss echoed through her apartment. As she straightened herself again, I could already see the telltale dark patch of a leak on her crotch area.

"No!..." she choked back a sob. "I held it for so long... I can't ruin my sari like this... not here..."

"If you can't remove your hands, um...", I offered, "shall I help you take it off?"

She looked mortified for a second, then slowly nodded.

I grasped the end of the long garment, then noticed the two safety pins fastened near her stomach, a common safety measure for girls not used to wearing one.

Gingerly, I worked my fingers around them, but couldn't get a grip; the vibrations of my girlfriend's pee dance were causing my fingers to slide off.

"Um... you're gonna need to stand still for a bit."

"WHAT?" She nearly yelled, "My *susu* is slowly leaking out and you're telling me to stand still?!"

I pointed out the safety pins.

"Ugh. Fine..." she bit her lip. "But make it fast."

I nodded, and set to work. The first pin came off with no issues, but I was having a little trouble with the second one.

All of a sudden, I felt the warmth of her body all around me, as well as another, more wet warmth on my hand.

"JUST GET IT OFF ALREADY, YOU IDIOT! I'M PEEING MYSELF HERE!"

I nodded silently as I waited for the leak to stop, before quickly sliding the pin out.

With all the obstacles removed, it didn't take long to remove the sari, though Lakshmi's incessant fidgeting made it a little harder than I figured. Finally, though, she was standing in front of me, still squirming madly in her tight blouse and petticoat (a long cotton skirt worn under a sari).

Her dark, chubby figure was now slick with sweat, and her boobs jiggled with vigour as she pee-danced in place, letting out another gasp and a moan as the wet patch on her petticoat grew a little further.

I wondered how much hot pee was pent up inside her, ready to erupt out her twitching pussy at any second. The very thought of it turned me on even more than I already was, but I knew her battle was not over yet.

Suddenly realising she was free of her cursed garment, she shuffled to the bathroom as fast as she possibly could, her petticoat dropping around her ankles. She kicked it free, now running as fast as possible in little more than her rich purple blouse and panties, leaving behind a little trail of warm, barely-yellow pee on the floor.

Following her to the bathroom, I watched as she turned and virtually collapsed onto the toilet.

Within seconds, a rushing stream exploded out of her, hissing loudly as it shot through her saturated panties into the toilet bowl, some of it overshooting onto the floor.

"haaaaaaaaaaaa...", she moaned loudly, reaching a hand down and pushing them aside, her waters now flowing unobstructed from her exposed pussy with force to rival a firehose.

I watched in amazement as this continued for well over a minute, after which her stream slowly died down, trickling into the toilet bowl for a few more seconds before stopping.

The room, once filled with the roar of her waterfall, was now silent, save for the sounds of her quiet panting.

She reached her hand down once again, before pausing and opening her eyes. Suddenly realising what I was doing, I averted my gaze.

From the corner of my eye, I saw her silently pull her still-wet panties up and slowly walk over to where I was standing.

"So then," she stood in front of me, still panting a little from the effort, "You saw everything, didn't you, you little pervert."

Finding my voice, I began to apologise before she cut me off.

"Oh, no, don't worry about that. You're a little perv all right... but you're *my* little perv." She grinned, leaning in closer until I could feel the heat radiating off her face. Her nipples strained against the fabric of her blouse, her body slick with sweat and arousal.

I questioned for the nth time now if this was the same girl I'd known just a few months prior.

"So then," she continued, unbuttoning her blouse and letting it drop to the ground, "like what you see? Come on, don't be shy now..."

*002*2024-11-30 12:12

{{On 11/28/2024 at 8:59 AM, sbdc95 said:

What an awesome story! Great work, enjoyed it 😀

}}

Thanks 😊 I'm still new to writing, so this helps a lot

