Evan's pee problems

Author: Leakingwhilesi

*000*2024-08-25 04:37

Evan had a problem.

He sat there in his office meeting, not paying attention to what his boss's presentation. He had to pee.

He tried not to fidget so much, but it was getting bad. He felt the pain grow in his lower abdomen and subtly shifted in his seat. He was too shy to ask to be excused so he tried his best to hold it.

His need was rapidly increasing. There were at least twenty other employees at the meeting and he definitely wasn't going to draw attention to himself by speaking up.

He felt his bladder spasm and his penis twitched and spurted. His hand went to his crotch and wrapped around his member tightly. He was terrified and glanced at everyone but they were too focused on his boss's words. Thank goodness. He swiftly glanced down at his lap and saw a wet patch. He definitely wasn't getting up now, everyone would see that he basically peed himself, even if it was just a little bit. He moaned a bit.

His boss turned at the moan and looked directly at him. "What was that, Evan?"

Evan quickly moved his hand from his lap, mortified. "Oh, ah, I didn't say anything. Sorry." Legs squeezed together, he felt a longer 5 second spurt erupt from his member, this time trickling down his thighs and wetting the fabric inside his pants a little.

His boss returned his eyes to the presentation and a few other people as well who had also glanced at Evan.

Evan returned his hand to his lap and squeezed onto his penis as another spurt erupted out. This time, it was a ten second stream, and the wet patch on the front of his pants was shiny as it grew in size and as the piss gushed through his fingers. He was in big trouble. He felt the pee dripping down his balls and thighs again, this time seeping towards his butt before his pants soaked it up.

Someone in the meeting needed a refresher, got up, walked across the room to the water station, and filled a paper cup. Evan heard the water trickling into the cup and his bladder squeezed, hard.

His legs shook and hand squeezed harder but it was no use. He started peeing himself slowly. He felt the urine spreading from beneath his thighs all the way around his butt. He couldn't stop it, and the pee started coming out faster. His butt grew warm as he felt the puddle form in the seat of his office chair. He was peeing full force now, and he looked down hoping nobody would notice, red faced, but stayed quiet. His lap was shiny and dark. There was a pool of hot pee between his thighs that was rapidly joining the urine lake soaking his butt. He was peeing full force now. The bottom of his shirt was wet and the puddle grew to the edges of his chair, and to his horror, hot piss started running over the sides of the chair and pattering on the hard floor beneath him.

Everyone turned and looked at him. As they realized, one by one, what was happening, they didn't know what to do and just turned pale. His boss stared down at Evan's lap as a pee puddle grew on the floor, and was at a loss for words.

Evan wanted this awful moment to be over with, so he pushed to get his pee out faster, head down, ashamed, and the hissing sound of his urine spraying the inside of his pants filled the room and the splattering grew louder. He couldn't believe he was sitting in his own puddle of pee having an accident in front of everyone.

He started to cry. "I'm so sorry, I lost control..."

His boss stammered a bit, "Oh, uh, it's okay...well I guess we can continue this meeting another time. I'm going to get the janitor."

Evan felt the stream start to die down, and his penis twitched as it slowed to a trickle, spurted a few more times, and stopped. He pushed his chair back from the table and stood up. The puddle in the office chair was huge. His pants were so wet, it was like peeing himself a second time when he stood as gravity made the pee run down his legs, into his socks and shoes and pool around his feet, adding to the puddle already on the floor.

He wished he could disappear. It wasn't the first time this had happened, either.

