Lakshmi and I (#2: Hold it for Me)

Author: LemonadeTank

*000*2024-08-16 11:02

First off, sorry it takes me a while between stories; I've been quite busy with university and other things, and writer's block is a bitch. Anyway, I hope you enjoy this one ; )

- LemonadeTank

*ding* "The next train to - Samudra Nagar - will be arriving in - three minutes - on Platform 1."

I sighed, running a hand through my messy hair as I stared at my phone. After all, it's not like there's much else to do on a rainy Sunday in a metro station.

My mind wandered, inevitably reaching Lakshmi and her desperate frenzy on the beach the other day. I wondered if she was okay.

As if on cue, her name flashed on my phone screen.

"Dude, can we talk for a sec?"

I just about had a heart attack. Was this seriously it for us? Did she feel so bad about her accident she preferred not to see me again?

I dismissed the thoughts. She was, after all, quite a logical girl in many aspects; it wouldn't be in character for her to do something like that. Besides, I was probably overthinking it anyway.

"Sure..." I tapped away. "What's this about?"

"Ur on the metro right? Just meet me at JL station"

Jayalakshmi, or JL station, was on the line between our houses. It wasn't much trouble to get there.

I texted back my agreement, hearing the roar of a train in the distance.

It wasn't long until I stepped off the train and saw her on the platform.

Compared to our beach day, she was dressed far more normally, in an unassuming blue shirt and jeans that still couldn't stop her from looking cute as hell.

"You bought a ticket?"

"Yeah, I'm on my way back from my friend's house, but that's not the point."

"Basically, um..." she blushed slightly, "I need you to tell me something."

"Fire away." I answered, hands in my pockets.

"When we were on the beach, um, you seemed rather... peculiar when I was looking for a toilet. You couldn't really look at me, you suddenly got quite shy..."

She stared at me again, with her large dark eyes, and I was beginning to get a sense of deja vu.

"Uff, I'll get to the point. Were you turned on then? Because I had to pee?" she said directly.

I started. She'd noticed all that? Even in her desperate state?

"I- uh- what?"

A slight smile appeared on the corners of her mouth, and I knew the jig was up.

"Yeah... I'm surprised you noticed, honestly."

"Heh. We're a liiiittle more perceptive than you think, babyboy."

Her smugness was palpable.

"...so, what now?" I muttered. Why here? Why now?

"Oh no, nothing. Just wanted to confirm it with you." She winked. "Oh, I am SO gonna tease you with this... anyway, that's all. We still meeting tomorrow?"

She walked off.

I could hear another train departing behind me. I was too surprised to care.

*the next day*

It was 3 in the afternoon and I found myself ringing Lakshmi's doorbell, still in a slight daze from the previous day.

"HEEEEEYYYYYY!" she flung open the door, full of energy as always. "Only been a day and I already miss you. Sheesh I'm lovesick."

We hugged, and I quickly planted a light kiss on her cheek.

"Hehe, someone's excited."

She had on a black crop top that tantalizingly exposed most of her soft, chubby belly. Paired with a set of high-waisted white jean shorts and a semi-tight belt, I was already in utter disbelief that such a cute and also sexy girl could actually possibly be my girlfriend. And it showed.

"Well then" she grinned, closing the door behind us, "since my cutie-schmutie boyfriend gets so excited when I badly need to pee..."

My head turned down to the floor and refused to move.

"Hey, hey, at least see *kya hai, mere kamre main* (what's in my room)" she said, turning and sauntering off towards her door.

I followed, unsure what to expect.

Turning the corner into her room, I was greeted with what seemed like innumerable soda, water and juice bottles of various sizes, clearly cobbled together from fridge-raiding and shopping sprees. Next to them sat some snacks, along with a few board games and stacks of cards.

"So" she breathed, leaning in against me, "like what you see?"

I found my bearings again.

"You or this setup?" I winked.

"You tell me, *lal batti* (red beacon)" she giggled, then playfully slapped my cheeks.

It wasn't a particularly hot day, but boy could I FEEL the heat searing through my face.

"So what are you gonna do?"

"Basically..." she paused for a moment, "You're going to control my *susu* (pee) the whole time you're here."

I gulped. "S-seriously?"

"Hey, you like this, don't you?"

"Yeah, but-"

"Then just do it. I'm literally asking you to."

I couldn't tell if I was in reality or fantasyland. Perhaps now I'd wake up and realise I had two minutes left on my finals with 15 questions remaining.

"O...kay..."

"Nice!" She virtually jumped. "Well, then, how about some UNO?"

I wasn't very good at UNO, and she knew it.

"How about Mon-"

"Nanana, you only control my bladder, not my games", she winked, waving a finger at me.

I sighed. A small price to pay for salvation.

"Actually, one sec~" she reached out, grabbing a 750 mL of water and downing it in seconds, then a juice packet that she stabbed with a straw like it was her arch-nemesis.

"Alright. Now let's start." she sighed contentedly, ignoring the wide-eyed stare I was giving her.

Throughout our games, she continued to whoop my ass every single time, along with taking a confident sip from her drink whenever she did so.

How long would that confidence last, I wondered.

"Hufff..." she ran a hand over her belly. "My stomach is so full..."

"I'm not surprised." I replied. "There's techniques to this... you can't just drink the entire ocean and wait."

"Ooo, you do research into this, hmm? Well then, Professor*ji*, tell me what this technique is."

Once again, my eyes were on the floor. How was I to tell her how much time I'd invested in my kink?

"Oh, won't tell me? That's fine... I'll just figure it out later." She shot me a sly smile. "*Chal*, why don't we go cuddle up with a movie?"

I found my voice again as we jumped onto her sofa. "Okay, but first, tell me how your bladder is doing."

"Uff, already? Hardly anything, dude. Cmon, your girlfriend can hold so much more than this." She winked.

"Heh, yeah, you never used to use the toilets in school, did you?"

"Ew, no. Not with so many other girls there... it was hard enough going at the end of the day, with all the messes they would leave. Emergencies only!"

She crossed her hands.

"Of course... with you I don't mind it so much."

"Can't imagine why."

She leaned in, resting her head on my shoulder. I was in heaven.

"Hmm..." she suddenly seemed distracted.

"Sup?"

"Eh, I'm beginning to feel it a little..."

"Seems like you're starting to fill up." I smirked.

All I received was a smack for my pains.

"No questioning my capacity, boyo. Let's start the movie."

The movie she'd picked out was a popular romcom we'd both wanted to watch for a while. It seemed a little slow at first, but we were soon cuddled up on the sofa laughing hysterically at the dumb jokes.

All the while though, I started to become more and more excited about the liquid she'd consumed slowly making its way into her vast tank, watching intently for any hints of desperation.

Perhaps it was just my imagination, but as the clock approached 5, I noticed her legs start to converge a little every time the hero's sidekick did something dumb, as he inevitably did extremely often.

"Lucky?"

"Uff... Just call me Lakshmi, na"

Lucky was he nickname I'd given her. She wasn't very fond of it, but didn't mind too much.

"Absolutely not. How's this doing?" I grinned, gently poking her exposed belly. It was still nice and soft, just the way I'd normally like it.

"Mmmph..." she bit her lip a little. "Still not much; I can easily hold it. For you."

She smiled.

I could sense by the tension in her face and the periodic tightening of her legs, however, that she wasn't entirely telling the truth. Perhaps her bladder was filling a little quicker than she would've liked.

"Uff!" I must have seemed sceptical, because she stormed out of the room, coming back with a small coke.

"Don't drink it all at once." I warned.

"Mmhm." Her mouth was already on the bottle's rim as she nearly gulped through half of it before putting it down with a tremendous sigh.

"Wow... you know, you should advertise for Coke. You'd make a great model."

She blushed.

"Yeah, yeah, whatever." She muttered, virtually cannonballing into the sofa and barely missing my leg.

"Nnnngh!" She grimaced.

"...you hit something?" I smirked. "Or is my Lucky hitting her limit?"

"Sh-shut up! I'm fine, let's just keep watching the movie!"

I glanced at the clock. 5:30. By now, all the water and juice she'd drank earlier was definitely sitting in her bladder.

Given all this, she sure was doing a good job of hiding her urges.

She continued to sip the rest of her coke, slowly fanning her cute brown legs on the sofa as we watched the hero drift a stolen bus through a twisty mountain road, in typical Bollywood fashion, all to rescue his lover from the villain currently pursuing them on a comically large motorbike.

As the bus dramatically roared through a pool of water on the road, sending it all over the villain, I could feel my goddess of a girlfriend start to squirm as her grip on my shoulders tightened.

"Ooh, does someone need the toilet...?" I teased.

"Hnnn... *susu karna hai...*" she moaned, then looked at me.

"I- um- no, nothing, I can still hold it!" She mumbled, face red as a beet.

"Well, if you say so..." I winked.

She grimaced, fanning her legs faster than ever now. It was quite obvious that she was extremely desperate.

"Well? How much do you have inside here?" I poked her now slightly bloated belly again.

She gasped, immediately doubling over and shoving a hand into her crotch.

"NO!... haah... control...control it... whew, safe." she panted, sweat virtually raining down her face.

"Don't... dont do that again. I WILL pee myself... ugh..."

She reached for the buckle of her belt, ripping it off while grinding her legs against each other like there was no tomorrow. As she squirmed desperately on the sofa, she proceeded to remove the button of her shorts too, revealing a glimpse of her sexy black panties and the slight protrusion in her abdomen that was fairly obviously her bulging bladder.

"Huff... so much... pee... haaaa..." she continued to moan softly, one hand firmly inside her panties now.

"Do you want to end this?" I was a little concerned now. Please don't suffer just for my sake..."

She shook her head, still squirming around like crazy. "No... it's... it's not just you."

"Huh?"

"I... I like this. This sensation... I think it's turning me on."

My heart was beating faster than the chase we'd long forgotten about.

"Wait, are you... into this too?"

"I don't know...' she panted. "Maybe."

She shot me a look. "Follow me."

I obeyed, supporting my girlfriend as she hobbled off, holding herself, back towards her room.

All of a sudden, she stopped with a gasp.

"What's wrong?"

"I... it's twitching... *susu aa raha hai!* (My pee's coming out!)" she wailed, doubling over and clutching her pussy with all her might.

"It's okay." I breathed. "Focus. Hold it. Just think about holding it."

"Hnnnnn..."

A *splat* cut through the air, as a jet of hot pee shot out of her quivering urethra, right through her panties and shorts, and onto the floor beneath.

"Aaaahhhhhh!" she gasped, dropping to a seated position against the wall.

I followed, gently holding her. In this state, I could feel every twitch of her muscles as she fought to keep the ever-expanding ocean of urine in her bladder from spilling out further.

"Babe..." she whispered, "I want you... do something for me."

Her huge dark eyes locked with mine, and her hair was now halfway falling over her face, accentuating her full lips, twisted with the sheer effort she was delivering to her sphincter muscles.

By this point, I would have moved heaven and earth for her.

"...help me hold.", she continued. "Just a little longer... I want to keep my pee in..."

I could feel her skin grow hotter, as did mine. I knew precisely what to do.

Gently, she guided my hand down her belly, letting it slowly trail into her panties. Rather unsurprisingly, they were quite wet with a mixture of pee and... other fluids.

Aided by her hand, I felt my way past her thick bush to her pussy, still quivering with the weight of all the pee bearing down on it.

Not really sure what to do now, I slowly slid a finger in.

Almost immediately, she clamped her legs shut, trapping my hand as in a vice. A warm feeling spread through my hand, manifesting soon as a number of drops of pee dripping out of her now-saturated panties and rapidly darkening shorts.

Lakshmi was definitely starting to lose the battle against her bladder.

"Nnnnn..." she leaned in, our faces now touching.

My emotions getting the better of me, I took the opportunity to kiss her, this time full on, to which she reciprocated with animalistic fervour, closing her eyes and locking our lips together.

As we made out, I closed my eyes too, focusing on the momentary leaks warming my hand as my finger explored her down below.

As it climbed higher, she began to moan as she convulsed, her horniness and urge to urinate melding into one single euphoric sensation. She wasn't sure why this sort of thing turned her on, but didn't care; after all, she was in heaven.

And then it happened. Her legs buckled, once again trapping my hands inside their warm embrace, and she could hardly hold back her moans of ecstasy as she reeled from the sheer force of her orgasm.

She couldn't see or even think straight. The only things she could feel were the tingling of her sex as she continued to reel with pleasure and the gradual emptying of her tortured bladder as a fierce stream of hot pee exploded out of her like a firehose, utterly soaking me and covering her white tiled floor in the clear liquid.

This went on for just under a minute, by which point her stream had tapered off.

She lay there, slumped against her wall in a puddle of her own pee and feminine juices, eyes turned towards her ceiling wondering what sort of a saint she must've been in her previous life to get to this point.

I, meanwhile, was still far from satisfied. The iron rod in my pants was still straining against the boundaries of my underwear, begging to be let at her.

Suddenly, she seemed to snap back to reality.

"Huff..."

I stared at her. My vantage point and her saturated clothing meant her ample D-cups were virtually being shoved into my face.

Slowly, I raised my hand back up and out of her underwear. As it brushed past the folds of her now-deflated belly, she arrested it with her own.

"Not now." she mumbled.

"Huh?"

"I'm all covered in *susu*... let me go take a shower first."

She winked. It was a knowing wink.

"Or rather... let *us* go take a shower first. What do you say, cutie?"

"It's not really something a man can say no to." I smiled, playing with her messy hair.

"Of course." She grinned, back to her old, teasing self. "Now then, you did this, you help me clean up."

