Levi naked and utterly desperate at the hospital and her humiliating peeing rules at home

Author: Lala123

*000*2024-09-09 14:09

!!! Disclaimer: This story contains themes of humiliation, abusive behavior, and unrealistic situations. It is purely a work of fiction and is intended for fantasy purposes only. I do not condone any of the actions described, nor do I wish for anyone to experience them in reality. Please do not attempt to replicate anything in this story. If you are sensitive to these topics, consider whether this content is suitable for you before reading.

Also, the core is written by ChatGPT since English is not my first language but I tried to modify it to make it as natural as possible.

Any feedback is welcomed :))

The first two parts take place in a hospital, and the others are at home. While they all follow each other, you can read them separately, and they'll still make sense. If you're not a fan of hospital settings, you can go ahead and skip straight to part three.

Part 1: Levi’s first gynecological examination

Levi was 18, nervous but also a little excited about her first gynecological examination. In her country, this was a rite of passage that every young woman went through upon reaching adulthood. It was seen as part of the formal process of becoming a woman, a check-up that ensured everything was in order.

She was instructed to arrive with a full bladder, and her mom wanted to make sure everything went smoothly, so she required her to pee at precisely 7 p.m.. After that, she had to drink an entire liter of water and hold it until her exam, which was scheduled for 8 a.m. the next morning. The idea of holding it for so long was already making her stomach twist in knots.

Morning came, and Levi could barely stand up straight. Her bladder was so full that her pelvic floor muscles burned like crazy, and she had to consciously make an effort not to squirm.

Her heart raced as she entered the clinic. The pressure in her abdomen had grown unbearable, each step sending sharp stabs of discomfort through her body. But what choice did she have?

After waiting an extra hour past her appointment time, she was finally called into the examination room. The doctor—a middle-aged man with a stern face—barely looked at her as he instructed her to strip from the waist down. Levi’s fingers fumbled with the button of her jeans, her bladder so full that even the slightest pressure made her gasp in pain. She felt exposed, and vulnerable, as she slid her jeans and panties to the floor, crossing her naked legs.

"Lie back," the doctor ordered, his tone clinical, without sympathy. She did as she was told, her legs dangling from the examination table, every movement a reminder of how close she was to losing control.

The doctor probably noticed her suffering. "What the bladder hurts?"

"Yeah, my mom didn't allow me to pee since 7 yesterday," she smiled nervously.

"That's good. Just don't make a mess here. You are an adult woman now, you can bear some pain, even if it's hard."

Then, the examination began. His fingers slipped inside her, cold and clinical. Each movement made her bladder scream for release, the pressure was unbearable. The sensation was painful, not just from the fullness of her bladder but from the sheer violation of it all. She could barely think, barely breathe, her entire existence focused on not losing control right there on the table.

After what felt like hours, the doctor finally withdrew his fingers, but the examination wasn’t over.

"I must say, you are a very healthy young lady. However we need to conduct further tests,” he said, his tone detached. Levi, still dazed, sat up slowly, her bladder still throbbing painfully.

“Looking at you though, seems like you have quite an issue with holding your pee. I’ll plug your urethra now, it's a bit uncomfortable, but since you don't have a huge discipline it is necessary” he said and slapped her pussy which send a huge wave of agony through her body and made her gasp in pain.

"See? What I'm talking about."

She was shocked. She has been holding it for more than 12 hours and yet, he does not acknowledge her discipline.

He came back holding up a small device. “You won’t be able to relieve yourself just yet.”

Levi’s eyes widened in disbelief. Before she could protest, the doctor inserted the plug, sealing off her urethra, and the sensation was horrific. The already unbearable pressure increased tenfold, her bladder swelling with the unrelenting need to release its contents. She was trapped, physically unable to relieve herself, and it felt like her body was on the verge of bursting.

“We’ll move to the next examination room,” the doctor said, motioning for her to stand. “It’s in another part of the hospital.”

Levi's mind spun in panic. Another part of the hospital? She could barely stand, let alone walk. And then came the final blow. “You don't need to put your clothes on. It’s standard procedure....to save time.”

Levi’s heart sank as she realized what he was asking. Naked she was led out of the examination room and into the hallway. The cold air hit her skin as she stepped in her socks onto the hospital's tiled floor, her bladder so full it felt like she was holding melted iron down there.

She shuffled along, each step a fresh wave of agony. As she moved through the hospital, she could feel the eyes of nurses, doctors, and patients on her. Some looked with sympathy, others with mild amusement. Levi's cheeks burned with shame, the humiliation almost as unbearable as the pain.

On the way, the doctor ran into a friend and started chatting with him, while she stood there naked, shifting from foot to foot and holding her aching vagina with her hands. An older lady passing by gave her a disdainful look and then stared at her bare bottom.

Suddenly their conversation turned to her: "Yeah, we going to get some more tests, but so far she is healthy. Just not used to hold it, I rather plugged her. You know girls these days a bit of pain and it's the end of the world for them."

,,Oh don't worry," the other doctor looked at her, "the world will teach you bladder control."

Levi just smiled awkwardly and couldn't believe what situation she was in. She tried not to look desperate but in her stage it wasn't possible. She was grabbing herself tightly and was just looking at her white socks.

They were openly talking about her inability to endure pain and hold pee while she was standing there, half-naked, with an ocean of girls' pee that she was holding for around 14 hours and while other people were walking around.

Finally, they ended their fucking chit-chat and she could continue to the next examination.

"You don't have to cover yourself," said the doctor, "it's a hospital, and don't cross your legs, stand like a lady you are."

She didn't say anything, but the humiliation was unimaginable.

Then a young nurse stopped them and instructed her to step into a side room for a breast examination. As ordered she put down her T-shirt and lay back as the nurse palpated her breasts, her touch clinical and impersonal. But Levi could barely focus on anything but the pain in her bladder. The nurse’s hands were rough, squeezing and prodding, and each time Levi winced, the nurse barely acknowledged it.

The breast examination was followed by a pelvic ultrasound, which required Levi to walk even farther through the hospital. Her abdomen now ached so severely that she could barely hold herself upright. The plug in her urethra felt like a cruel joke, preventing her from finding even the smallest relief.

In the ultrasound room, Levi was made to lie down again. The technician, a woman in her late thirties, applied cold gel to Levi’s swollen abdomen and pressed the ultrasound wand down hard. Levi whimpered as the pressure intensified the already unbearable sensation. The technician said nothing, simply moving the wand over Levi’s belly with a bored expression.

“We’ll be done soon,” the technician said curtly, not even glancing at Levi’s face. But the words did nothing to ease the panic surging through her. Her bladder felt like it was on the verge of exploding, every second a new wave of torture.

After the ultrasound, Levi was taken to the doctor's office. Her legs were weak, her body trembling from the exertion of holding everything in and being exposed for so long. She was seated on an office chair for a questionnaire, still naked and exposed. She squirmed, trying to find a position that wouldn’t hurt so much, but it was useless.

The doctor then asked her million questions, she felt like she could pee before this but he just enjoyed seeing her desperate.

"So you don't have any bladder problems?"

"No, not at all."

He looked at her in slight disbelief, seeing her almost frantic to pee, with crossed legs as tightly as possible.

"I know the plug is painful, but look at you, you would have pissed all over the office if I didn't put it inside you."

After twenty minutes of this embarrassing interview she took he said: "Okay, now the nurse will take you to the restrooms to remove the plug."

She was indescribably pleased that her suffering is going to be over.

In total agony, she walked to the ambulance where this day started and asked the nurse.

"Oh the nearest toilets are out of use, go ask the doc if we can use the ones for the stuff."

Feeling every single muscle and nerve ending in her crotch she slowly, walked back to the office doors.

In the meantime, the doctor had already gathered two more people and a few other doctors. She walked in, red with embarrassment, half-naked, among them. It was clear she was at her limit, in excruciating pain from the amount of urine in her bladder.

"What’s going on?" the doctor asked irritably. She explained the situation about the restrooms.

"Of course not, staff restrooms are for staff and we need to respect that. But tell the doctor to get you a bucket. And actually, come over here—I’d like to show this patient what a healthy vagina looks like. She has some issues, but we need to be discreet, you know."

The hypocrisy in that sentence was incredible. Very reluctantly, she walked over and spread her legs. If she hadn’t been plugged, everything would have come out. And so, in front of quite a few people, they commented on parts of her vagina, while all she could think about was how she will finally piss the shit out of her.

Then, feeling like the biggest slut she slowly walked out, while they could stare at her ass.

As usual, not so friendly nurse, brought the bucket and told her: "I will remove the plug but then hold it for a couple of second so I don't touch your pee. You understand?"

"Yes," said Levi squating above the bucket not caring what the nurse was yapping about.

The nurse hadn’t even fully removed the plug yet when Levi released a stream stronger than a mare’s, sighing loudly. After so many hours of tension, her nerves and muscles down there still ached and burned, but gradually, the discomfort started to fade.

The sound of her loud urination echoed through the hospital, and the entire clinic was filled with the scent of hot, female urine.

The nurse yelled at her because her hands were soaked with Levi's piss but she didn't give a shit.

When it was over, Levi could barely stand. The pain was gone, but the memory of what she had endured lingered. As she dressed and prepared to leave the hospital, she couldn’t shake the feeling of humiliation. The cold, detached way she had been treated, the eyes that had watched her walk naked through the halls, and the excruciating pain she had been forced to endure all left her feeling violated and powerless. She vowed never to let herself be subjected to such treatment again. Little did she know...

