Signaling Desperation - Page 2

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*025*2018-06-05 00:33

“Fuck! Oh fuck what was that?” Kayleen looks at the displays.

“We took a direct hit, multiple rockets most likely. The Wards held for the volley but collapse on the second. The comshack and main antenna are gone, secondary is still up. The layline com is buried down here with us so of course we can still reach division HQ, I just signaled our status, Cable to base HQ, med center, barracks, secondary residential shelter, mechanical, armory; status green. Lia’s okay she made it to the secondary; thank the Light. Batteries 1, 3, and 4 all green. I can’t raise 2 or 5; not sure if that’s because the cable is cut or…..” Kayleen goes quiet. “I’m going to reset the breakers”

The lights come back on with a satisfying “kachunk” and Kaylee and Daren spend the next several hours trying to bring order to a chaotic situation. Kayleen wrangling signals and keeping the lines open, Daren chiming in with tactical advice as the situation shifts. Then the another round of shelling hits…..

*027*2018-06-05 08:55

The lights once again flicker and sputter one bulb blowing out. Chunks of concrete fall from the ceiling, followed by the sound of shearing metal. Kayleen tries to check the security feed but only the door camera is working. The image is grainy, black and white. Lines of scrolling static indicate clear damage. “Shit we lost the stairs.” Checking the coms. “We’ve lost contact with all batteries and mechanical. Hell, we can’t we even raise Division something’s completely fucked the Astral!” The ground shudders as more shell’s hit. “HQ and barracks, status red. That’s it we’re evac’ing, there’s an escape tunnel leading out from the mechanical room……. Oh, sweet maker and tester! KhrumKa'az Ord class missiles inbound!! Fuck!!!” Without even thinking Kayleen grabs Daren by the scruff of the neck and pulls him under the console with her. Thirty seconds later a roar like the sky collapsing shakes the bunker as chunks of concrete and metal fall.

*028*2018-06-06 04:20

When Kayleen and Daren come to they’re in small pocket next to the console surrounded by concrete. Kayleen works to calm Daren down “Okay look at me baby power is still on right?” She points at the still illuminated console “And by some miracle the vents didn’t collapse.” She holds up a lighter with flickers ever so slightly in a faint breeze.

“So we’re not going to die?”

“Nope they’re going to dig us out in a few hours we just have to hold on till then.”

“Okay.” Daren takes a few deep breaths to calm himself. “So what are we going to do until then?” The two decide to keep their minds occupied as they discuss plans for when they get. They it’s kind of emotionally charge right now but the three of them have been talking about for the past few months and both Kayleen and Daren decide they want to make it official with them and Lia as soon as they get back. They’re just getting to the relative merits of house versus continuing to rent when Kayleen feels a familiar building pressure.

She knows this is going to be a loosing battle and shouldn’t bother holding, but she’s right on top of Daren. She fights and squirms for about five minutes. Feeling the painful tightness increases inexorably until she gives in. “Daren… I’m sorry for this but there’s no way I’m going to make it.” Daren looks very confused

“Huh? Oh….” Daren feels a hot wetness soaking his crotch before pooling under him. He can feel it spreading up to his midback and down to his knees before stopping after about thirty seconds. Kayleen meanwhile let’s out a low moan of relief as she soaks herself and her boyfriend, fiancé?? She can’t deny how good it feels against her bits.

“You have nothing to apologizing for. I don’t want you breaking your pelvic muscles on my account. I’m not exactly thrilled at being pissed on but if I had to be covered in anybody’s it would be yours or Lia’s. And besides…” He says with a wicked grin. “Two can play at this game.” Kayleen gasp as she feels herself getting soaked again. Smirking at Daren she pulls into him a kiss as she grinds against his warm wet crotch.

*031*2018-06-09 19:06

She reaches down and unzips Daren’s pants. Fishing around she pulls out his rapidly hardening member stroking it. “Seriously?”

“I almost died less than an hour ago. I’m covered in my own piss. I’m the most stressed out and keyed up I’ve ever been in my life…. I need this.” Daren groans pulling her in for a kiss as she shifts position unzipping and pulling her panties aside before taking him into her. For the next half hour nothing else exists for the two. They block out the situation focusing on each other. The darkness enhances the feel of skin on skin. Their heavy breathy moans sounding incredibly loud in the close space. Until finally they come together, Kayleen not the least bit concerned about the fresh creamy mess flooding out of her sex. She simply zips up and smiles planting a kiss on Daren’s forehead.

They spend the next several hours engaged in small talk but Kayleen can’t completely ignore a second building pressure. She tries to ignore it but several small quite farts signal her building need. She feels uncomfortable as her bloated stomach presses against Daren’s. She can feel the massive load pushing against her overtaxed sphincter. Than it happens Kayleen flushes crimson as loud wet ripping fart announces her eminent need and leaves a sticky feeling in her panties.

Kayleen is mortified she hasn’t messed herself since she was three and still potty training. Not counting the handful of other sharts like at their send off party where she was massively drunk and had had one too many spicy apps…. She couldn’t believe she was going to have a messy accident like a toddler. No! She was a grown as women, if she was going to shit her pants it would be on her terms….

“Baby….. I hope you don’t think less of me but I really need to take a dump. So, I’m going to do it in my pants.”

“I figured as much from the shart.”

“Wait how did you even know?”

“We’ve been together since sophomore year of university, and I was at that party to.” He says smirking. “This wouldn’t be the first time one of us has walked in on the other in the middle of taking care of business. I know what a Kayleen shart smells like.”

“We’ll alright then here goes nothing…..” The moment Kayleen relaxes a sizable turd begins to push its way out of her before being stopped by her panties forcing her to bear down and push it the rest of the way out.

“Ummmnnnghh!” Kayleen’s grunts and moans of relief are punctuated by a couple more sharts as the first sizable log curls up in her pants. “Damn that must have felt good!”

“Yeah actually I haven’t gone in several days so I needed this. I’m not accidentally gassing you am I?”

“It’s actually surprisingly not that bad. It’s kind of earthy and most importantly it smells like you, so I can handle it. You want a magazine?” Kayleen laughs.

“Actually yeah. There was a copy of ‘Voice of Zerramar’ on the console, could you grab it?”

Daren’s chest makes a perfect magazine stand and she is absolutely loving the way he massages her tummy and large sensitive ears as she works through several days backlog. Fuck shame; a poop this large feels amazing in terms of relief and again ears…. So Kayleen loudly grunts and moans her relief for the next twenty minutes before finishing with a relieved sigh. Kayleens pant seemed to have expand several times into in order to contain her mess, creating a noticeable bulge. “So how are you holding up?”

“Surprisingly good, it’s actually weirdly pleasant tactile wise. Kind of warm? I…. I kind of like the way it squishes… Daren…. Would you smush it a bit for me?” Daren pull her in for a kiss than grabs her squishy seat, needing and working it in as they fade out from exhaustion…..

*033*2018-06-09 23:23

The two are awoken several hours later by rescue crews digging them out, embarrassed, feeling super gross, and a little dehydrated but otherwise no worse for wear. The medics and S&R teams reassure them that they’ve found people looking a lot worse and drive them to the base hospital. Kayleen and Daren have a chance to shower before a doctor looks them over. This is followed by a tearful reunion with Lia who has been here after the attack helping with triage. Casualties are thankfully light, but the losses are still sobering.

Twenty people were killed in the attack most of them at battery three which was totally destroyed. Besides that, and the main com array the central phone relay was blown up and mechanical and HQ all sustained severe damage. Base Housing was completely untouched. Over the next few days the three do their part to help get things back to normal it seems like the worst is over and the young thruple is relaxing at home with a vid broadcast when the sirens once again sound…..

*035*2018-06-14 02:37

Fuck! Basement now!!!” The small one bedroom, wood-frame prefab they share like all forward base housing has a small basement shelter not unlike the ones built on earth during the cold war. Kayleen drags Lia and Daren in slamming the reinforced door closed and bolting it. The room is tiny, about the size of a small bedroom. The wall has a kitchenet and built in case that holds the utilities. In the middle of the room is a futon facing a built in vidscreen. There is also a bookcase. The shelter is designed to be used for a couple hours at most. The trio will be stuck for the next 48 hours, thankfully the life support at least is overengineered and basically Ragnarok proofed. But that still leaves other problems….

It’s six hours in and Kayleen is fidgeting with her com to distract herself, the base emergency broadcast plays on mute in the background. She’s had to pee bad for the past for hours and is worried about a repeat of what happened a few days ago. “Gods damn bladder, feels like a water balloon, gonna pop any minute now.” It’s gotten to the point where Kayleens squirming has become quite visible. Luckily after last time Lia is prepared.

“Don’t worry I’ve got you love.” Before Kayleen can even react Lia has dropped a plastic bag on the bed and is pulling her pajama shorts down. “Wahh??”

“You’re doing a rather obvious horizontal pee dance and I figured you didn’t want to soak your pants again.”

“No?”

“So, I snagged these from the med center.” Lia reachs into the bag and pulls out a case of adult diapers. Kayleen’s face flushes. “I guess it does beat the alternative….” And with that the young corporal’s fiancé proceeds to put her back in diapers.

Kayleen doesn’t even try to hide her embarrassed squeaks of pleasure as Lia works the lotion and powder in. Lia get’s her taped up just in the knick of time, Kayleen audibly moaning as her overtaxed bladder says screw it and decides to go out for lunch. The feeling of warm wet padding is too much for an all ready stressed and overstimulated Kayleen who humps the mattress to a small climax. Then it’s Lia’s turn to be powdered and padded. Finally, a smirking Kayleen tapes Daren’s erection into it’s padded prison before they go get snacks and settle in for a movie. Trying to ignore the shells falling outside.

*037*2018-06-16 00:55

The next morning Kayleen wakes up about 6:45 a.m. to a particularly loud shell, screaming. Lia and Daren hold her shaking themselves as they try and go back to sleep. They manage to get another half hour before Kayleen wakes back up yawning as she stretches and scissors her legs. She needs to take her morning dump but doesn’t want to get out of the warm bed with Lia and Daren. Then she remembers “Oh yeah I’m wearing the bathroom…” Smiling to herself Kayleen grunts and moans as she arches her butt into the air, pushing a respectable load into her diaper. Her bladder joins the party warming her front as well. Suddenly Daren climbs on top, causing Kayleen to let out a surprised squeak.

“I know all about my girls new dirty, little, kink….. and I’m going to make you cum so hard.” And with that Daren begins not so dry humping against Kayleen’s squishy padded bottom. She groans as her mess smushes and smears against her butt. The shock causing her to pushout one last log which Daren can actually feel. He resumes thrusting and proceeds to feel her padded front and breasts. It’s only been a few minutes and Kayleen is surprised at how close she is. She knows she should feel disgusted but the feeling of warm squish against her bits is simply to good. So, she roles with it. “I take it this is going to be a regular thing now?”

“Ohhhhhhenghhhh” Riding it till.

“I’ll take that as a yes.” She collapses

“Gahhhhhh!!!!!!”

“Gahhhhhhhh!!!!”

Daren and Kayleen look up surprised to see they’re not the only ones to have made a sticky cummy mess in their diapers. Lia’s hand is shoved down the front of her soggy spent underwear, thighs locked together as she rides out her own orgasm, before looking up, panting and grinning sheepishly at the other two.

*039*2018-06-16 03:04

{{27 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

The kinky little devils

}}

*041*2018-06-21 22:02

They cuddle against each other nuzzling and kissing as they slowly come down. Daren and Lia quickly have Kayleen changed into a fresh clean diaper. Over the course of the day both will have their own turns. And all Kayleen can think is how lucky she is to have these two and how going through this has only made their relationship stronger……

Epilogue

And she still does… Kayleen smiles as she looks at the framed wedding picture of her, her wife, and her husband. Taken two weeks after they got back from deployment. Not even Uncle Gary could ruin that moment. That time was one of the most challenging experiences of her life, but it was worth it to be where she is now. Job as head broadcast technician at one the first locally owned independent stations. A loving wife and husband. New house bought using benefits package. And hell even the whole diapers thing would come in handy when dealing with the newest member of their family…..

She smiles looking down at her round swollen belly. She’s due any time this week and the little ones been very active. Speaking of which they seem kicking a lot right now. Kayleen winces as she feels a sharp cramp and then a warm sticky wetness flood her pants. She checks momentarily flashing back, not pee. “Daren!!! Lia!!!!!”

So this is the first story I ever completed. Wow, I mean it's big but I don't thought I'd feel different? Anyways I wanted to thank all of my readers for sticking with me. It's been quite the process but I'm happy with things turned out. But I still want to here from you. Any thoughts, questions? Things you'd like to know? Feel free comment. And once again thanks for being along for the ride

*043*2018-06-21 22:12

{{4 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Wooooo loved that story and such a happy ending to

}}

Glad you enjoyed it

