A planet all to himself

Author: Lachary2

*000*2025-03-28 20:07

I always loved the idea of having an entire world to myself to get up to omorashi shenanigans, so I wrote a short fic about it taking place in the "Satisfactory" universe (Great game if you haven't played it)

“Got any challenges for today AL?”

Leaf stood above a large bowl in his kitchen fully nude, hand mixing his breakfast as his floating assistant AL, poured an ample serving of sweet iced tea to go with the morning meal. He had light brown hair and the same colored eyes, and with a nice curve to his hips he stood at a “commanding” 5 '4.

“Of course Leaf! Two Kilometers east of the Migan Hills near base, a large copper deposit awaits extraction. A factory is to be constructed using the locations available resources to create a total output of 1000 standard copper wire per minute, and 800 standard copper sheets a minute!”

As the floating sphere with a singular eye droned back today’s instructions at him, Leaf groaned. This was almost too easy, a couple of well placed smelting and refining stations and he could lay out the plan for the factory to be done in just a few hours. After a quick meal and his daily large iced tea, Leaf grabbed his company issued build gun and walked over to the door still without clothes, Al staring down at him noticing his discontent with today’s activity.

“Alright alright I get what you meant. I’ll give you another one of those challenges. How about you don’t get to pee until you’re done with today’s milestone. I’ll give you fifteen free tickets if you win.”

“What- fifteen?!” Leaf’s face lit up. Fifteen tickets wasn’t that many at all, but it was the challenge of holding that got Leaf excited, although he wasn’t keen to admit it.

“You’re on AL” Leaf smirked.

The walk to the deposit site was about an hour long trip. Leaf had been hired by FISCIT, a galaxy spanning company that, in their own words, “specialized in the research, development, and application of new technology and science”. They send pioneers to claim planets full of processable resources and construct factories to return those valuable resources to FICSIT. Leaf was sent to Lagurnia. It was almost ironic that such a beautiful, earth-like planet full of scenery was handed over to one person given the responsibility of turning it into its individual parts.

Leaf panted under the exertion of his hike, as well as the slow feeling of the morning iced tea filling his bladder. Choosing to wear absolutely no clothing, as the planet had no small insects, and the weather was almost always perfectly nice, had the upside of leading him to temptation in this exact moment. All Leaf had to do was open his tight stance at any moment and just let go. He could release his piss anywhere he wanted, and the feeling of not being able to do just that excited him very much.

“How’re you holding up? We’re about five minutes away” AL Asked

“Good. I’m doing good” Leaf didn’t try to spare much of his energy to come up with a sophisticated response to what was clearly AL’s common attempt to try and mess with him during challenges like these.

After what seemed like a longer than usual five minutes. Leaf finally arrive at a beautiful plains area with a small hill on the edge of it, almost seeming to be hollowed out. Inside were three large copper deposits, well hidden to the untrained eye, but not to the eye that was both trained, and scrambling to get started on the milestone as quickly as possible.

Leaf readied his build gun as he dashed over to the resource nodes and scanned them one by one.

“240 a minute each, that’s 720, if I overclock them-”

A sudden light discomfort in his bladder interrupted his quick assessment.

“Ugh, It’s so hard doing this while I’m full”

“Y'know that would almost sound like complaining if it wasn’t for that giant grin on your face” AL joked.

Leaf immediately laid on the plant for smelting and refining in his head. A single material job like this was best done in standard practice, so two floors would mean he could get this done efficiently in about 3 or so hours. Although looking down and putting a hand on his abdomen. he wasn’t quite sure that he had that long.

One hour into building the first floor was complete. A split of three conveyors, one from each node onto a main belt that distributed the materials evenly to each furnace. Those connected to another secondary belt which led to a conveyor lift to take the ingots to the second floor where they would be split into groups to be made into both copper wire, and copper sheets. Leaf so badly wanted to mimic that waterfall in the distance. Draining into the lake, never ending, so much water. As he watched it flow and flow, he stood there, relaxing, his bladder preparing to let go. To let it all out of him.

“One more floor to go!” AL cheered Leaf on, bringing him back to reality and refocusing him on his goal.

Another hour had passed, Leaf’s normal building strategy was to walk around and observe his factory to get a feel for all the working parts as they were being put together. It allowed him to build more complex factories, “Which this one isn’t” he remarked, more efficiently. At this point, Leaf had taken to quickly building a raised platform at the corner of the area he was building over, and standing there to use his build gun from a distance as he crossed his leg and bounced. He placed conveyor after assembler as fast as it would allow him to.

“Looks like you’ve gotten yourself into quite the predicament here, Leaf” AL remarked, staring up from below Leaf's naked body as he slowly floated up to his abdomen. Leaf bounced up and down in urgency, holding himself with one hand and using the build gun with the other as he noticed AL’s approach.

“Ohh, no AL don’t you dare-”

AL floated up and lightly pressed himself into Leaf’s bladder, pushing downwards on it and chuckling for a few seconds before backing off. Leaf put down the build gun for a moment as he dropped to his knees, holding himself with both hands now to take a moment to compose himself. There was so much liquid building up inside of him and it wanted to go out, right now. Leaf smiled with pleasure at his situation, unable to hide his grin with his hands full.

“Cmon” AL teased. “How badly do you really need fifteen measly tickets. I know you’re struggling to hold it all in right now. But there’s nobody here, you’re completely naked, just look over at that nice, peaceful, waterfall over there and let go. Let your bladder deflate freely and bask in the endless relief.”

“Oh, can it would you AL? I’m already done” Leaf smirked as he hit the dismantle button on his build gun and deleted the platform he was hoisted on. The drop to the grass almost made him lose his control as he groaned in desperation, but he didn’t let anything out.

“Ha! The factory!” Leaf was breathing heavily, as he finally, finally spread his legs out and took his hands off his crotch.

“It’s done! It’s done, I did it AL!”

“Not quite yet, Leaf”

Leaf squeezed his legs once more, and clenched hard, right as he was about to unleash his piss all over the field.

“Sixty more seconds!” AL chuckled

“Oh you’re right” Leaf responded with a mixture of disappointment and excitement.

1000 copper wire per minute, and 800 copper sheets per minute. They had to wait that long to see if the factory actually worked like it was supposed to. Leaf knew that it did, but they had to send the results to FICSIT.

50 seconds

“Ohhh, oh my god” Leaf’s dancing became quicker, his bladder begging for release now that it was so, so close.

40 seconds

Leaf’s breathing became faster as he tried not to leak, not even a drop, no matter how much he wanted to.

30 seconds

“It’s here, my relief is almost here, I can just wait 30 seconds, I’m almost there”

20 seconds

Leaf took his hands off of his crotch and slowly, slowly opened his legs

10 seconds

“Oh, ohhh it’s coming out!”

AL took the final tally of the resources. Everything was up to code, and just as expected.

“You’ve done it! It’s all-”

“Ohhhhhhhh fuuuuuck”

Leaf didn’t let AL finish his sentence. He knew what he was trying to tell him. He finally relaxed his body and let everything go. A roar of piss hissed out of him immediately. The Psssssssssshhhhhhhhhh sound of his bladder deflating into the grass like a heavy rain filled the plains as Leaf moaned and panted as he basked in relief he had waited so, so long for. He dropped to his knees again, shaking as the relentless stream of pee finally left his dick and soaked into the field.

“Ahhh, holy shit, that’s so much better” A goofy grin enveloped Leaf’s face as his overused bladder drained itself freely for almost two minutes before the stream slowed into a trickle. He pushed a few more spurts out into the mud before he was finally done. Leaf back up before plopping his naked body down onto the field and exhaling deeply at the satisfaction of a job well done.

*001*2025-06-24 00:43

Part Two of a story I wrote for myself!

Warning, this one does contain poop desperation and depiction of a bowel movement.

Leaf began another morning on the job to the sound of the wind knocking softly against the glass of his bedroom window. It had been five days since his last challenge by the plains, and his next had begun directly after. He had been restraining himself from pooping for the last five days, a feat he was reminded of as he hoisted his heavy and bloated nude body from his bed. Using the scientific development of a razor blade to his advantage, the only hair that he had was on his head, some under his arms, and some pubic hair. But he had absolutely none on his plump, smooth bottom, even if nobody would be on this planet to see it.

“Ohhhh, my gosh” he groaned as he leaned forward onto his desk, unable to hold the pressure that had been brewing in him overnight any longer. He pushed as his ass expelled a loud, airy four second gust of wind out of his bowels. He exhaled in relief before taking another deep breath, and pushing again.

PfffffRRRT-

“Ah!-”

His second relief was interrupted by a solid plug hitting his sphincter, days and days of his backed up bowel movement held his exit open as he strained to suck it back in before he emptied himself over the floor.

“That’s for later.”

He smugly whispered to himself in the mirror, panting with exertion. He made his way to the kitchen to whip himself up breakfast and grab AL before he left for the trail today. He didn’t have any construction or logistical assignments today, the only thing on his mind was getting the giant beast that has been coiled up in him for so long out of his bowels.

He spent the next ten minutes making himself a large plate of pancakes, with a side of his signature bacon and iced tea. Perched onto the barstool, and scarfed his food down as AL floated over to make his morning debut.

“Good morning pioneer! How’s the morning been treating y-”

“Wait, wait”

Leaf interrupted to relieve more of the pressure he’d woken up with. He leaned his nude body to its side as he pushed, blasting another long, and airy fart out of him and across the room.

“Today’s the day, isn’t it?”

AL teased.

“Five days since you last defecated, I bet you’re feeling pretty full”

AL’s next remark was interrupted by Leaf’s noisy bowels pushing more air out onto the barstool as he lifted himself from it a few inches.

“Ohhh, I can’t wait.” groaned Leaf.

Twenty minutes had passed since Leaf’s delectable breakfast. He had been hiking on the same trail that he took most of his morning walks on, immersed in the wilderness until a familiar tinge in his bladder stopped his stride. The fullness of his bowels had distracted him from his iced tea beginning to catch up to him. He stood still on the side of the trail and spread his legs apart, taking a deep breath and releasing a long, forceful stream of piss into the bushes.

He sighed deeply, a wide smile enveloped his face, and a shiver ran down his spine. This was a feeling he had become addicted to over his years on this planet. He was alone, his naked body was exposed to the wind and the sun, and he could relieve himself, and openly. The stream didn't seem to end, the sound of his piss hitting the bush was hypnotic.

His stream continued on for at least two minutes. As he came to a finish, his bowels pushed again, a long rumbling fart slipped out of him as he groaned at the release of pressure. The solid plug inside of him was still attempting to force its way out against his will, and he wasn’t going to let that happen. Not yet.

After he was done, Leaf turned around, and continued down the path. It wasn’t until he had been walking for another thirty minutes or so that his bowels pushed again. Only about another half hour away from the clearing where he had planned today's release, he began to speed up his walking. stopping every few minutes to lean onto the nearest tree, clutch his abdomen, push, and expel air from his aching guts.

After what felt like an eternity of holding, he had finally made it. He walked into the center of the field, and took a deep breath. He could already feel his bowels shifting the weight of his load downwards in anticipation. Leaf dropped down to the ground and laid flat on his back, lifting his knees up and spreading his legs. He placed his hands on his stomach and pushed one more fart out of his tired body.

*ffffrrrrrrpt*

"Mmmph- my god."

Before he felt the incredible mass that had occupied his guts all week reach its desired exit once more. With a loud groan, his sphincter began to give way, the solid plug opening up his body with great difficulty.

"Ahhh, fuck~" he panted again, and began to grin.

Leaf began to do the one thing he'd yearned for each and every time he'd reached this point over the past few days, he pushed.

His opening stretched and stretched. It had been waiting for this for so long, and it's hard work was finally over. With a slow and deep crackling, Leaf's colon began to slowly empty itself. He sighed deeply with a mixture of relief and exhaustion, feeling the enormous log that had been burdening him just on the other side of his exit slowly slide out of him, and onto the grass. The only sounds that filled his head were the churning of his insides as they shifted more poop downwards to fill the gaps as Leaf relieved himself.

His first log ended at about a foot long, the whole thing roughly the size of a soda can. Leaf stared across his body at it, AL chuckling at his shocked expression. A gurgle from just above his ass signaled more gas, shifted loose by the monumental shift of the mass inside his intestines. Leaf lifted his right light up slightly and pushed.

“Mmmph-”

*PFFFFFRRRRRrrrrt*

“Ohhh” *pant* “Holy fuck”

Before he felt it stopped by something equally large and solid as the last piece. He laid his head back down onto the soft grass again and relaxed, letting his body do the rest of the work for him. He wouldn’t be getting up for quite a while.

As AL descended to the ground to sleep, Leaf enjoyed the peace and quiet of the field as the sun set, occasionally pushing out more wind and letting more logs open him up and slide out of him onto the growing pile as the evening went on, finally emptying himself of a week-long burden. After he was certain his bowels were clear, He used his fabricator to create a lush roll of toilet paper to clean with, before picking up, and carrying home AL in a moonlit hike back to base.
