My Story about two wetting girls :o

Author: LEILAWET1

*000*2021-04-09 05:23

It was translated from Czech by google,so I hope you can read it 😮 Tell me feedback

Chapter 2.

Outdoor wetting.

A week passed and I was supposed to go out with Pavla. We agreed on the phone that we would go for a walk.

Pavla came to my house just as I was going out, so nothing prevented us from spending a nice afternoon together. We went to a nearby park, where it's very nice, people go skating there, or mothers, tired of their children.

We looked for a bench in the shade and sat there as well. We started debating what's new, what the boys and similar purely girly topics. After half an hour, when I drank my bottle of Sprite, which I took coldly from home. , my bladder sounded so much.

I told Paul that I would have to pee somewhere. I couldn't help but notice the immediate glow in Pavla's eyes, and I realized that I had inadvertently got her into her element.

She smiled and told me with wide eyes, urinate here !. At that moment, I started laughing with the words: If it's normal, but I got the answer that I found out last time that it wasn't.

Laughter passed through me, despite the fact that I was tempted to let it go in jeans, so I realized that a family was sitting close to us on a bench with children nearby.

Don't worry, Pavla teased me with a mischievous smile and I was still making decisions and considering the possible and also wet consequences. Well, but then we refrain. I nodded. Pavla nodded and the stinging look slid immediately between my legs, into my lap. she looked around carefully and slightly put her legs apart and also released the sphincter. Nothing happened for a while, but I sensed that when it came, it would not stop. A second or two later, I began to feel a trickle of peeing flowing from me and spilling into it. panties and runs down my ass and seeps into the bottom of my jeans. 

I bit my lips and I think I blushed in my face. Suddenly a small trickle became a dense roaring stream of piss and I could feel a huge warmth in my crotch and also pleasant wet. To the sound of hissing and squeaking from my pants was added the sound of drumming piss on the sidewalk and I realized that golden streams of piss gushing from under my jeans. All in front of people, all in the park. I looked under my feet at the floor, while I was still peeing After less than a minute, the current finally stopped, and I enjoyed the tomato warmth on my ass and listened to the still dripping piss loudly fall into the puddle.

I looked at Paul and with my eyes I wanted to tell her that it was time to escape the crime scene as conspicuously as possible, but Paul, as it turned out, had other intentions.

Before I could do any word or reaction, she let go of her pissing, over her pants and the bench on the floor. Well, maybe not, I thought, watching in amazement as the two golden puddles beneath us merge into one and from Pavlina's pants. there is a hissing sound, pissing out.

So we both pissed and cried out with pleasure, while she wanted and about 5 yellow springs went under her ass in the direction of the ground. I began to be afraid that someone would come to us, but fortunately it did not happen. that the currents stopped and only turned into drops, I told her that we should "slip". All right, she replied and got up, and I saw what I had on my ass, a large wet spot that stretched to the upper third of my thighs. who saw our wet asses, but also to be at Pavla for a few hours before the panties and pants dry and I can go home.

Anyway, we talked about it for a long time at her house and I was so horny about it all that I had to do it properly at home. This is going to be an interesting year, I thought.

*002*2021-04-09 10:27

Yes I know 😞 I am Sorry but its still better than my english skill :D:D .

*004*2021-04-11 04:57

Here

Kapitola 1. &&&&


