A Glass Too Full (A shield hero Glass Omorashi fanfic)

Author: Labalaba003

*000*2023-06-30 06:26

Hello and hope you enjoy this fanfic of the anime of Rising of the Shield Hero. Great LN, poor season 2 adaptation. Anyhow, enjoy!

“And now we stay as quiet as we can to avoid disturbing the fish,” Kizuna said in a whisper.

Glass nodded and sat down next to her, admiring the smaller girl. It has been forever since they last hung out like this, even accounting for Kizuna’s fishing obsession. After Naofumi freed Kizuna from the infinite labyrinth and they beat Kyo and freed his vassal weapon, Glass and Kizuna had a lot of catching up to do. And while Glass told Kizuna everything about what happened in her absence, the pair decided to go out on a fishing trip as Kizuna wanted to catch any new fish that appeared from the wave.

The two were currently on a small lake where one of the many waves had taken place in a small wooden boat. A bucket was placed in the center of the boat where Kizuna had planned to deposit the fish. Kizuna herself was intensely staring at the small bobble of her fishing rod that was bobbing up and down on the water’s surface.

While Kizuna was fully distracted, Glass brushed her hand across her stomach. A weak bit of pressure in between her legs made its presence known and it was quickly ramping up strength.

I should have gone to the bathroom before we left. Well, I’m sure it won’t take that long.

Almost two hours passed with Kizuna only catching a few small fish. They flopped around in the bucket, but unlike that bucket, Glass’ bladder was filling up quickly. She pushed her tights together as close as she could and tried her hardest to avoid making any noise, which was getting harder and harder to do.

“Mmh,” Glass groaned, shifting as quietly as she could. She checked on Kizuna, but her friend didn’t seem to notice her discomfort as she was way too focused on the fishing rod. Glass tried to sit still as to not rock the boat and distract Kizuna, however the pressure was quickly ramping up. Sweat began to cover her forehead as the strain took its toll on her body. Glass quietly crossed her legs and pushed her legs together.

I hope she finishes soon. She thought, clenching the side if her kimono.

“Hah, hah, agh.”

Glass panted as her need rose higher than before. She could no longer stop squirming in her seat. It was the only thing she could do to keep herself from bursting, but she knew it wouldn’t last forever.

Without warning, a small spurt escaped into her undergarments. Glass squeezed her crotch as hard as she could to keep the flood at bay, however a few drops still made it into her panties. Panic swept over her as she realized she might not be able to hold it before they get back on land.

Please don’t look, please don’t look, please don’t look!

Kizuna shifted in place and groaned. Glass moved her hands to her sides. And just in time too, as Kizuna put a hand on her stomach and turned towards Glass.

“Let’s go back, I don’t think I can catch any more fish here today,” Kizuna said, grabbing the paddles.

“Y-yeah, a-alright,” Glass sputtered out, trying her best to not shift in her seat or grab herself.

Almost there, almost there! Just hold on a bit longer! she thought, as another small spurt escaped into her underwear.

No no no no! Hold on a bit longer! I’m almost there!

The boat tapped the beach lightly, sending vibrations to Glass’ bladder and another spurt into her panties. Glass pushed her tights together as hard as she could as she carefully got off of the boat. Kizuna jumped onto land and hopped from foot to foot

“I’ll be right back,” she said, ducking behind the tree. Glass’ hands instantly shot to her crotch, stopping the next leak before it happened.

Finally! If I can just get behind those bushes I can relieve myself, and Kizuna will be none the wiser!

“Aah, hah, ghn,” Glass groaned as she took a step forward. Her bladder contracted and let out another spurt, further damping her underwear. She squeezed with all her might, her already white knuckles somehow getting paler. Tears began to fall down her face as the pain became unbearable. This was her limit. She knew that if she took even a single step her bladder might burst.

However she knew she would burst anyway if she simply stood there. Glass took a small step towards the bushes. Another spurt escaped, but she managed to stop it. She only had a few steps to go.

Al…most… there… just a… bit longer…

*Pshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh*

“Aah!” Glass doubled over as another wave hit her bladder. A small leak escaped, dampening her underwear. Glass could feel her kimono around her crotch becoming damp as well.

However, it was not her who was getting relief. Behind the tree Kizuna let out a moan as she emptied the river inside her bladder. Glass trembled as the sound reminded her of the ocean inside her own bladder. She started to sob as another leak came out, leaving a visible wet spot on her kimono. Her legs twisted into a pretzel, as Glass continued to fight off the waves of desperation, trying to delay the flood that was coming.

“Glass?” Kizuna called out to the trembling woman. Glass looked up in surprise. She was so preoccupied that she didn’t even hear Kizuna approach her. She wanted to say something, anything, that would make this situation less embarrassing, but another leak reminded her that that was no longer an option.

“Ki… zu… na…” Glass squeaked out, her voice barely a whisper.

“Oh god, how long were you holding it? Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” Kizuna asked, rubbing her legs together as her face reddened. Glass was too preoccupied to notice this, however, and tried her best to ask Kizuna for help..

“He… lp… ki… mo… no…,” Glass managed to wheeze out. Kizuna nodded and walked up to her friend. She untied the string keeping Glass’ robe closed and helped her slide it down the ghost woman’s pale and sweat covered body, revealing the large bladder bulge under her gown.

There Glass stood in nothing but her undergarments in front of the girl she loved the most, trembling and holding herself like a child on the verge of bursting. Her face red from the strain on her body became even redder with embarrassment.

Instead of helping her take off her panties, Kizuna paused and looked in awe at Glass’ bulge. Since her body was a bit transparent Kizuna could see a large yellow ball made of liquid right under her skin. Glass gasped and bent over as another wave hit her bladder. She let out another spurt which leaked through her wet panties and down her pale legs.

“Ngh! Ki…zu…na…” Glass whined, trying to hold on just a bit longer.

“Hot…” Kizuna whispered under her breath, lightly poking Glass’ bladder with her finger.

“Eep!” Glass shrieked, shifting away. Another leak escaped and ran down her legs. Kizuna took a step forward and gently ran her finger across her friend’s bladder, sending waves crashing down onto the poor spirit girl.

“Ki-KizunAH, s-stAH!” Glass gasped out. “I ca… ngh… hold… it…”

“Not even for a few minutes?” Kizuna asked innocently. Glass let out a whine as another leak escaped. She shook her head slowly so as to not agitate her bladder any further. Glass shut her eyes tight and raised her head. Her breathing was ragged and her hair was pretty much glued to her body because of all the sweat.

Suddenly she felt a surge of strength flow through her entire body, as well as a cold liquid dripping onto her bladder. The spirit woman looked down in surprise. While she could feel her bladder fill a bit quicker from the new liquid, she now had more than enough strength to hold it in.

“Haaah,” Glass sighed in relief. How come she didn’t think of using soul healing water? “Th-thanks. I’ll be r-ah-ight back!”

However Glass didn’t even get to take two steps before she felt her arms raised above her head and her body pulled towards a nearby tree.

“Kizuna?” Glass gasped, as the movement almost made her leak again. She tried to grab herself, but her hands were tied to the tree with Kizuna’s fishing rod line.

“Hold it for me, Glass,” Kizuna said, her eyes and voice filled with lust. Before Glass could protest, Kizuna pulled down the ghost girl’s bra and began to play with her nipples.

“K-kizuna! Wait! Oooh,” Glass tried to call out before a moan escaped from her mouth. Waves off arousal began crashing onto her body as she squirmed under her hero’s touch. She felt a second need rising and she was nearing her limit.

“N-no!” Glass yelled, crossing and double crossing her pale legs as a small leak dripped down her legs. She tried to squirm out of the hunter hero’s fishing line, but it was no use. The soul healing water she absorbed was starting to wear off and so was the bonus strength. Unfortunately for her, the liquid that was absorbed did not disappear in the same fashion, leaving behind an even fuller bladder.

Suddenly another burst of strength ran through her body as Kizuna poured a vial of soul healing water over Glass’ breasts. The cold water made Glass shutter as she fought to keep her urine contained.

Glass tried to say something, but her voice got trapped in her throat as Kizuna slid her hand gently down Glass’ round swollen bladder. As Glass tried to squirm away from the additional pressure, Kizuna pushed her fingers into Glass’ warm and wet panties, rubbing her fingers across Glass' clit. Glass squirmed under the fish obsessed girl’s delicate touches as her arousal was beginning to reach its limit.

“Ah!” Glass exclaimed, as a big leak escaped. The rubbing stopped and a much larger boost of strength hit her body.

“Kizuna-!” Glass tried to protest, but the rubbing resumed, turning her into a sweating and writhing mess.

Kizuna continued her relentless rampage on Glass’ pussy, watching with hungry eyes as the woman squirmed and thrashed around, her bulging bladder growing the more potions were poured on her. Every time she was getting close to cumming, her bladder would leak and Kizuna would stop pleasuring her to refill her bladder and give her extra strength to hold it.

Over two hours passed in this manner with Glass’s bladder expanding to the size of a basketball and a small puddle of urine, sweat, precum and tears collected under Glass’ trembling double crossed legs. She no longer had the strength to stand on her own and was being held up by the fishing line over her head.

“Ki…zu…na…” Glass whimpered. She was on the edge for too long and wanted either kind of release. “Pl…ea…se……le…t…cum…”

“I’m trying, but you have to stop leaking,” Kizuna responded in her usual sweet voice. Glass sobbed as another wave of desperation crashed onto her body just as she was about to cum.

“And you leaked again. You know what that means!” Kizuna sang, pulling out more vials of soul soothing potions. Glass cried as the positions were poured over her body again, filling up her bladder even more than before. Before Kizuna could even begin stroking Glass’ clit, another leak burst out.

“Wow Glassy, you just can’t seem to stop leaking, can you? Aren’t you supposed to be the older hero here?” Kizuna asked in a mocking tone, pulling out more potions.

“E…no…ugh,” Glass gasped out. Kizuna didn’t listen and poured the potions onto Glass’ naked body again, causing a surge of strength to run through the ghost woman. Another spurt burst forth, showing that Glass was at her limit.

“E…nough!” Glass exclaimed again, pulling against the tree with all her strength.

“You have to stop leaking then~!” Kizuna replied, pouring her largest batch of soul healing water yet.

“ENOUGH!!!” Glass screamed as the tree holding her shattered. She crashed onto the ground and that was the final straw. The violent vibrations crashed onto her bladder and no amount of effort could stop it.

*PSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

Glass jammed both of her hands into her crotch in an attempt to stem the flow, but it was too late. The stream of urine burst out, crashing into the ground with enough strength to bury a hole in the ground. Glass moaned out in ecstasy as her bladder finally began deflating. And on top of that she was quickly approaching the edge again.

The pleasure of her stretched and exhausted bladder finally emptying pushed Glass over the edge as she screamed. Her body collapsed onto the ground, still emptying the contents of its bladder as a second and even third orgasm crashed over Glass.

Finally the violent stream started to slow down and come to an end.

“Woah. Glass… that was so-,” Kizuna began.

“Ki~zu~na,” Glass said in a singsong voice as she pulled herself up. The strength buff from the last batch was still in effect and now wasn’t being used to keep Glass’ bladder closed.

“Uh-oh,” Kizuna muttered as she sensed an ominous and lust filled aura around Glass, as the woman slowly staggered towards her.

“That was very naughty of you to do~,” Glass continued, grabbing Kizuna’s hand. “And naughty girls need to be punished.”

Let’s just say, that fishing trip was definitely one the duo remembered.

