In The Land of Cobra and Omorashi

Author: Lameone24

*000*2020-05-15 12:18

I already felt myself having a good time being kept wide awake by the liquid equivalent of Ritalin straight from the Phillipines. The bright orange Taurine inositol and vitamin B concoction filled my body with its odd almost bubble gum flavor. It's Tart, overly sour and coats the tongue. It's not unpleasant.

I felt my bladder expand as my cock remained soft, laying on a couch in a rented condo in the ph with a definite need to go.

I had sales to try to make, a store to try to profit from having left my entire life behind following a parody of the YouTube trends and starting a dropshipping store.

I had done alright for myself and managed to stay in my preferred south eastern land for a year.

I felt another tinge in my bladder a small but enjoyable spasm. I needed to go.

"ooooh I can hold it. I can hold it I implored to myself." Just one sale and I can get up and get myself relief.

I felt so deliciously naughty torturing myself for productivity like this. Awake while everyone else slept and forcing myself onward despite my bladder begging for relief.

I loved the sensation. It almost felt like an orgasm in and of itself until another jolt to my bladder took things even further and the arousal crossed the threshold into a more definite need to pee.

"Oh thank God." I almost cry with relief hearing the faux cash register sfx as someone just bought three items. "I can finally pee." I practically scream in my head.

I rush over to the toilet and immediately relieve myself, wholly nude living alone certainly has its benefits.

I literally run off my couch in a full sprint not caring if I jostle my bladder or not just desperate to get to the comfort room and relieve myself in full.

It takes longer than I'd like having to navigate off the couch and past the dinner table.

Before I can reach my much sought after relief the door sticks because of a decorative throw rug I've added for style.

It takes but a few seconds to get the door properly open but I have to be careful otherwise the repair bill for the expensive glass door will put a damper on my easy living plans.

Unable to get hard with the stimulant coursing through my bloodstream my limp noodle easily fits in my hand and I let out a sigh of relief as I fill the bowl.

My stream takes thirty seconds and I feel myself build with orgasmic pleasure at the utmost relief.

I love the feeling cobra gives me almost as much as I love the intense near-orgasmic feeling of relief I get after a great piss from having to drink it to keep up with my workload.

It's all self imposed of course really I only need to be able to pay my bills and afford food which isn't hard here, but what's the sense of working if I can't have a little fun every now and then so I turn this into a game for myself trying to "break the high score" and make more and more sales.

Not unlike a certain pokemon Master I want to be the very best like no one ever was. With my lovely little online retail shop being my own personal Pikachu.

At any moment there are at least a thousand stores trying to do exactly the same thing and getting the most sales is about persisting.

Simply showing up counts for a lot, while showing up with a full bladder and not allowing myself any relief until I've made my goal for the day adds to my motivation.

I'm living my erotic dream all while following a trend most people either succeed at or write off as a total joke.

Things aren't all sunshine in the land of Cobra however sometimes things go a little overboard with the stimulation and typing is a little hard but that seems like a small price to pay for an entire day full of energy, omorashi and profit.

###

Feedback welcome.

