Chib: An Omorashi Fiction

Author: Astraptera

*007*2023-02-22 08:41

Part 3

Cyan politely declined Azri's offer to carry him at first, but the walk back was quickly exhausting him. He almost gave in about thirty feet from Pia's air skiff, and by the time he stepped through the hatch, his legs were shaking. He had just enough coordination to stumble from the door to the couch, plopping down on the pile of blankets he'd slept in.

"How are those legs, Little One?" asked Azri while Pia hauled the groceries onto her counter to put away. "Any pain?"

"No," Cyan wheezed. "Just tired."

"Sit up and I'll get you some water," said Azri.

Cyan pulled himself into a sitting position. Azri was filling his glass with water while Pia worked behind her. Pia's face was still red, and she seemed to be avoiding looking in his direction since they'd met outside. He wanted to say something, but he had to catch his breath first. It helped when Azri handed him the glass of water and he drank half of it in one gulp.

"You did great, but don't strain yourself like this again. I cannot emphasize it enough: your life depends on it," said Azri. "Gotta go, peace out Little Friend, Pia." She opened the hatch to the outside. "I'll be back at dinner time."

Azri closed the door behind her, leaving Cyan in silence with Pia. Cyan sat back on the couch, dozing off.

"I got you some shoes," said Pia abruptly. Cyan jolted awake.

"...oh, you did?" Cyan sat back up. Pia dropped a bag on the couch next to him. On top was a pair of sandals.

"I measured your feet before I left," she said, taking out the first shirt. "But the only clothes I could find that would fit you are giant t-shirts and swim shorts."

"Thanks," said Cyan, looking at the shirts. One of them was patterned with fluffy white dogs.

"Are you hungry?" asked Pia, hurrying back to the kitchen. "I got more things you can eat. Azri told me not to give you gluten just in case, so it's probably good that you didn't have any noodles, because they're wheat."

Cyan yawned. He could feel something like hunger in his stomach, but the walk had tired him out. He drifted off quickly.

Cyan woke up next to a large cylindrical tank. His tank.

Cyan lay on the metal bed. He recognized the interior of the medical unit he was in. It had been made for a specific type of air vessel. He was naked and wet from the tank.

"Hey, I know this place," said Azri. Without warning, she faded into existence next to the bed. Cyan sat up and covered himself.

"Why am I back here?" Cyan stood up and backed away toward the door. Azri didn't move, but looked around thoughtfully.

"Maybe because you don't remember anything? This is the unit, from yesterday. You have a pretty good recollection of it."

Cyan tried the doorknob, but the door was locked. Something was off.

"Anyway, you should wake up," said Azri.

"What?"

"You're asleep," explained Azri as though everything was completely normal. "This is your dream - which means you can do anything...You should save that knowledge for later though. You need to wake up. Right now."

"Why?" asked Cyan. He was just noticing how easy it was to stand, and how his joints weren't aching like they'd been when he'd plopped down on the couch.

"You're peeing yourself," said Azri.

Cyan looked down. He was suddenly wearing a bright blue patient's gown. A thick chemical smell hung in the air, sticking in his sinuses. He wanted to gag but found that he physically could not. It meant the drugs were working.

"I'm not-"

Azri stood next to the couch, leaning over Cyan with a dazed expression. She snapped out of it quickly, pulling him to his feet. His legs were still asleep, so he mostly stumbled to the bathroom, leaking into his shorts on his walk through the kitchen, where Pia was cooking something on the stove.

He sat down to pee, and Azri left to find him a new shirt and pair of shorts - his urine had stained his front blue, soaking the front of both his shorts and long nightshirt. He looked over his shoulder at the window over the toilet. It was still light outside, though it was starting to fade-

"Are you going to need help changing clothes?" asked Azri, setting down a new set of clothes on the toilet tank.

"No, I'll be fine," yawned Cyan.

"You sure?" asked Azri, placing a hand on Cyan's knee. It tingled strangely where she touched him. "I can't feel your legs."

Pia's voice echoed through the door: "Azri, you're in mommy mode. Let Cyan change his clothes."

Azri sighed and looked at Cyan, her eyes reflecting a weird metallic sheen in the light from the window. "She's right. If you need any help just holler, okay?" said Azri, stepping back toward the door. "And who's Cyan?" she asked in Pia's direction.

"It's him," sighed Pia's voice. "Our 'little' friend?"

Azri gasped, stopping at the doorway to the kitchen. "You remembered your name?!"

Pia entered the doorway, putting an arm around Azri. "We're not sure, he picked it for himself."

"Let's give the guy some privacy, Azri," said Pia coolly, pulling Azri into the kitchen. "You said you'd help me with the rice." Pia directed a brief friendly wave toward Cyan, made slightly awkward by the fact that he was still peeing, and shut the door behind her.

Cyan stepped out of the bathroom a few minutes later. Azri was cooking now, and though Pia wasn't there, he could hear her walking around on the upper level.

Azri directed a barrage of questions at Cyan over dinner, pausing while she ate to scribble out his answers. Afterward, she took his vitals. A part-time nurse, she had access to interworld supply lines, through which she could search and network to find out what she could about where Cyan had come from.

"The soonest I'll have any information will be next week," said Azri. "This week is some human holiday."

Cyan picked away at his food while Pia and Azri ate standing in the kitchen. It looked good - it was a type of curry made with pickled kelp - but Cyan only ate a few bites. His body was hungry but reluctant to eat much.

"Don't fret, champ," said Azri. "People that wake up from stasis routinely take about a week to start showing interest in food. You're in shockingly good shape, especially considering how long you've been out."

"Did you get a reply from your inquiry on the medical unit?" Pia asked.

"That one's another two weeks out, at least," said Azri. "But I called the scrapyard and talked to the owner. He told me the medical unit has been there longer than he's owned the yard, and he bought it about fifteen years ago."

"It was working that whole time?" Cyan asked skeptically.

It was Pia who answered his question: "Some of those medical units have a long-term battery built-in. If they're made to be part of a module, most units have a backup power source. Yours must have."

"How long do those power sources last?" asked Cyan apprehensively.

Pia shrugged. "I won't know until I take the wall off of the unit. The battery isn't accessible from the inside. I want to have Miss May take a look at it too."

"What did you want it for, anyway?" asked Cyan.

"Spare parts," said Pia. "They don't make Silverling series components anymore, so I snap them up when I can."

"Save the backplate off the turboencabulator when you take apart the unit, by the way," interjected Azri. "We can trace the serial number on that too."

*008*2023-02-22 08:43

Part 4

Azri said her goodbyes after dinner and went home. At Pia's suggestion, they lounged on either end of the couch and watched some random movies Pia had found in the market. Pia was still a little distant and embarrassed, but was slowly easing out of it as they relaxed and focused on the movie.

Halfway into their first disc, Penguin Samurai, Pia sat up suddenly. The movement reminded Cyan that he was almost late for his next semi-regular pee break.

"Can we pause-"

"You have to pee?" gasped Pia. Cyan nodded. Weirdly, Pia seemed flustered. "Oh no..."

Cyan reached over and retrieved the bucket. "What is it?" he asked. "Are you okay?"

Pia's face reddened. "C-can I use the bucket after you're done?"

"You can use it now if you like," said Cyan. He felt his face heat up, and wondered what color he was turning. "I can hold it for a bit."

Pia took the bucket, soaking the hem of her skirt when she raised it. A little grunt preceded a cascading flood of clear piss.

"Phew," panted Pia. "Sorry about this." Her face was a bright, uniform red. She pissed hugely, sounding like a waterfall in the bucket.

Cyan felt an urge to help, and said, "So is this why your name is P-..." It didn't sound like it had in his head. "Er...uh..."

Surprisingly, Pia smiled. "You know, you're not the first to say that...and kind of, yes."

"Is it why your boss lady modified those shorts I wore?"

Pia covered her eyes as her flow stopped pummeling the sides and bottom of the bucket.

"They're a great design," said Cyan quickly. "I wanted to ask if she could modify my shorts like that."

"Thanks." Pia stood up, squeezing her skirt out over the bucket. Cyan carefully slid it over to himself while Pia scurried away up the hall.

Pia had to leave first thing the next morning to coordinate a delivery, and Cyan awakened to the harsh static of the communications console.

Cyan sat on the couch, bundled up in fuzzy blankets. He wore a baggy sweater of Pia's with a manatee drinking from a teacup underneath the word "mana-tea." His bald head felt a little cold with the morning chill, but after Pia left he would cocoon himself in blankets again. In the meantime, Pia had made them each a mug of hot tea.

"On the bright side, Miss May got back last night," continued Pia while finishing her breakfast. "Azri said she'd be here around noon today, and she's bringing food. You're welcome to anything in the pantry but please don't use the stove."

Cyan yawned. He'd let out some of his morning pee when he first woke up, but got an erection halfway through and had to stop. He didn't know why it was being so persistent, but he was too tired to do anything about it. He waited to stand up until about a minute after Pia left.

*009*2023-02-22 08:45

Chib Pt. 5

The day was hot, humid, and heady with pollen. All Cyan wanted to do was sleep. Instead, he stared at the ceiling for what felt like several hours, gave up, and peered outside through the small window next to the front door. The words "what a lovely day" drifted across the surface of his mind, and they didn't feel like his words.

Indoors it was warm and stuffy, but outside was bright and hot. The sky was clear and the sun was almost overhead, baking the grid of walkways that made up the dockyard. Cyan ran a hand over his smooth bald head and didn't like the thought of getting sunburned on his scalp.

"Dockyard," repeated Cyan aloud. That was definitely his thought, and it felt good.

A shadow drifted across the far side of the yard followed by an andyne woman with striking blue and tan wings, gliding low over the walkways. She touched down with practiced ease and walked briskly out of sight around the corner, obscured by the trees that surrounded the yard.

With nothing else to watch outside, Cyan drank a glass of water and lay back on the couch, where he failed to nap for another half hour. He was trying to stay hydrated like Azri had told him, and was in the process of getting up to pee when a knock came at the door. He couldn't resist the urge to at least look and see who it was on the way to the bathroom.

The person at the door was the andyne woman who'd glided by earlier. Her wings were larger and more striking in person, and her dusky blue hair had been pulled up into an elegant topknot. She wore a plain blocky blue apron dress. The words that weren't Cyan's filled in the phrase: "mourning outfit." If she were a human Cyan would've guessed she was in her early thirties, but an unfamiliar part of his brain produced an estimate of "mid-fifties."

The woman at the door caught the movement and turned. Her hawklike amber eyes settled on him.

"Hi, Cyan," she said through the glass. Her deep voice was earnest and tentative "Pia asked me to stop by and check on you. May I come in?"

Cyan opened the door. He didn't want to seem rude and decided he could wait for another minute or two for the bathroom.

"It's so nice and cool in here," remarked the woman. "I'm Miss May. I was out on business when Pia bought the medical unit you came in."

Miss May looked at Cyan with a polite, expectant expression. It was his turn to speak, but she was very pretty and for some reason, he found himself tongue-tied.

"Do you remember anything from before?" she asked, searching his face. Cyan shook his head. Miss May gave him a sympathetic but unsettlingly knowing glance before looking him up and down. "I need to get going, but would you mind if I took your measurements first? Pia tells me you need some clothes."

"Sure," Cyan managed to gulp. Miss May was taller and more beautiful up close, and the prospect of replying to her dried out Cyan's mouth and made his bladder throb. Miss May pulled a tape measure and a small dog-eared notebook out of a pocket in her sleeve and approached him. She had a familiar minty lilac scent, and it made Cyan's heart race as she leaned close. He felt something else starting to throb somewhere underneath his baggy clothes and didn't dare look down when she measured his chest and waist. Cyan's member twitched as she stepped back.

"I'll just estimate the hips, shall I?" she said tactfully. Other than a faint pinkness to her freckled cheeks, she seemed completely unruffled.

"Thanks," squeaked Cyan. Suddenly he didn't have any trouble holding his bladder.

"I have some old clothes that should fit you, I'll just have to patch up the back," said May. "Well, Cyan, good to finally meet you. If I don't come by with Azri later, I'll see you when I bring your clothes by."

Cyan stood, dazed, in the kitchen for about thirty seconds after Miss May left. His erection had abated a little, and he waddled into the bathroom, sitting on the toilet and using his hand to make sure he didn't miss.

He really had to concentrate to get himself to pee, but was able to get some relief before his member stiffened up again. Cyan sat, playing with himself gently and watching his body's reactions in a warm pink haze for over an hour. After a while, he felt tension starting to build up.

The front door burst open in the other room and two sets of footsteps hurried in.

"Miss May, are you-" Pia asked breathlessly. The door closed and May shushed her.

"Pia, next time I ask you to meet me at my shop, please just meet me at my shop." May's voice was agitated. "She might've seen you."

"Who might see me?" asked Pia. Cyan continued playing with himself absently, keeping his breath quiet.

"She's registered under A. Nucifera." There was a pause and May added, "That's the girl who just checked in. She asked for you using your full name. Do you know her?" Somehow, the name was familiar to Cyan. His brain wasn't working at the moment though: he had just enough warning to bite back a moan, and shot his load across the bathroom floor. He took long, deep breaths that echoed slightly despite his efforts to keep quiet.

"-by your full name, Cassiopeia-" May's voice was cut off when the urge to pee hit Cyan, so he aimed straight down and fired. The flow was mercifully brief, but the splash echoed in the bathroom and made the two women stop talking outside.

"Cyan?" called Pia. "There you are! How are you feeling?"

Cyan gulped, "I'm um-...I'm fine. I'm almost done." He wasn't very flexible after who knew how long in a fluid tube, and ended up having to haphazardly get down on his hands and knees to wipe up his mess. The tile edges pushed painfully into his skin, but he was too busy eavesdropping to mind.

"Take your time," Pia replied. "And holler if you need help."

"Pia, this could be serious," hissed May. "She's not even wearing-"

Cyan tried to stagger to his feet and fell sideways onto the floor. He landed heavily but managed to roll so that it didn't hurt too much.

The bathroom door opened and Pia rushed in. Cyan crumpled the wad of toilet paper in his hand; the fluids he'd just cleaned up were thin and unpleasantly cool against his palm.

"What's going on?" asked Cyan, staggering to his feet with Pia's help.

"It's none of your-" May began to say in a soothing tone, but stopped. "No, it's probably got something to do with you too, Cyan."

Cyan fell asleep while May was talking and didn't catch much. Sometimes the voice in his head would explain words, but it faded with the rest of his consciousness when he dozed off.

"Just-..." May sighed. She and Pia had left the couch so Cyan could sleep and stood in the kitchen. "Be careful around her, and don't go anywhere alone with her."

"You sound like you did when Saoirse first came here," said Pia. May pinched the bridge of her nose. "I'll be careful, Miss May. I promise."

"I wasn't overreacting with Saoirse, I was just being cautious." May stopped to take a sip of her tea. "And Saoirse - nothing against her, she's lovely when you get to know her - is somewhat of a nobody. This girl is from a very powerful family.

"The Nuciferas I grew up knowing were spoiled and snobby, only dealt with people as rich as them, and liked to flaunt their wealth and wings. This kid had the nerve to be surprised that I glided across the yard and wore a mourning dress."

Pia nodded, feeling lost. Andyne culture was extremely uptight and dictated by rigid social protocols that didn't often make sense, at least to lowly mostly-humans like herself.

*010*2023-03-18 12:18

Chib Pt 6

5 years ago

Warm air danced on Avaris's skin. She looked up: she was in a glittering cave, sitting on a stone bench along a worn cobbled path. Water dripped sluggishly from stalactites, and a lake lay further inside, a pale blue light emanating from its depths.

Avaris's bladder spasmed when she stood up. She was naked. Her tanned skin was beautifully clear, and she reached up and felt a full head of hair, bushy and streaked in shades of mint green. Avaris had been "blessed" with a large, mottled set of tan wings, which at least wouldn't weigh her down here, so she paid them no further mind. She started walking, and the dripping in the cave suddenly seemed louder. Warmth bloomed in her pussy and she froze. She looked down and could see that her vulva was quivering under her light green pubic hair.

"Shit, I'm not wearing any-" Avaris stopped when she realized she was talking aloud. She flapped her wings tentatively and sighed. "Ugh, even in my dreams-" she'd meant to whine more, but the effort brought on another urge to pee and she had to stop again. If she wanted to make it she'd have to run.

"Make it where though?" asked a far-off little voice in Avaris's mind.

Avaris had had this dream before. Resistance was futile, but something about the desperate journey down to the water made this regular occurrence somewhat enjoyable before the need for damage control.

"Where am I?" Avaris moaned to herself. All things considered, she was doing great. She passed a glittering granite spire that marked the halfway point of the journey. She'd never made it to the end before but thought she'd gotten within sight of it once: a stone shrine in the middle of the lake.

Grasses sprouting from the sides of the path around her glowed faintly, bending toward her naked shins in the shadows. The luminous stalks moved and lazily brushed her skin instead of whipping, but she didn't have time to think about it. The last part of the path wound around the lake toward a building. Just two more turns and she'd be-

Avaris took a step and for just a split second, her body remembered that there wasn't anything beneath her feet. She didn't want to stop and caught herself, and the cave slowly swayed back to normal around her. It had caused a brief leak, dripping down her leg and cooling the skin as she ran.

"This is my dream," Avaris willed herself to run faster. There wasn't a flow yet, but after the first leak, it was only a matter of time. The last leg of the mad dash was a pleasant, flat-stoned path leading gently downhill around the lake.

Another drip ran down Avaris's thigh, and she used her wings to try and push herself faster. What happened next was entirely unexpected: she flew. At any other time, this would've been the most wonderful experience she could imagine, but right now it was causing her to pee a little.

For a long moment, Avaris found herself gliding over the glowing waters while small bright bats fluttered casually past, some of them diving at small glowing spots in the water. Her bare feet were nearing the stone jetty connected to the shrine platform, and it took all of her concentration to maintain control of her quivering urethra as her toe skimmed the calm water. The coolness felt nice on her skin, and she wanted more than anything to let go, but that would end the dream. She didn't dare try to flap her wings this low, so she pulled up her feet and cursed herself for being so heavy.

Slap!

Avaris's feet met smooth stone. She found that she was stable with her feet against the ground, but now it occurred to her that she didn't know how to stop. There was nothing within arm's reach for her to grab onto, and her feet skidded on the stone. The other side of the small platform was coming up fast, as was the expanse of glowing water behind it. Avaris tried to relax and let go; she conceded that she'd never thought she'd make it this far-

There was a blue blur and a hand caught Avaris's forearm.

"Hold on, I've got you," said a voice. To her shock, she was pulled to her feet. She turned to look at her rescuer and caught a brief glimpse of their face before the world faded into wakefulness.

Avaris was still falling when she woke up, just in time to land flat on her face, her sleeping bag cushioning her against the cold tiled floor. Her bed, a light mesh camping cot, landed on her back, flattening her wings. Her pussy was still clenched up, admitting a slow but persistent stream. It made her clitoris throb almost painfully, and she paused to enjoy it before using one hand and wing to right her cot. She thrust the other hand into her crotch and found that most of the dampness seemed to be isolated to her pants.

"It's a miracle," Avaris yawned to herself and sat up. Her voice echoed; she'd set up her cot in the bathroom of her new "home" for exactly this kind of situation. It was also cooler than the rest of the craft, and had a beautiful stained glass skylight, glowing faintly violet in the early morning. Avaris kicked her sleeping bag out of the way and looked down at her clothes. Her shirt was completely dry, so she pulled it up over her breasts to keep it that way. She counted her scars - mostly lines and dots crisscrossing her torso, with a jagged stripe of scar tissue on her thigh. They gleamed like pale watercolor blotches in the wan light, and they were all there.

"Definitely not a dream," Avaris yawned to herself. Her thick woolen socks came off with her pants, which she tossed up onto the cot. Her flow had stopped entirely, yet her bladder was still straining. Avaris glanced up at the front door - her new "home" had an odd layout, in which the bathroom doubled as the front room - and set about taking care of that.

Avaris took a deep breath and massaged herself, tracing slow circles around her labia with her middle finger while tugging on her clit between her thumb and forefinger. Her recurring dreams had always made her more sensitive down there, but this morning it seemed to have an added, distinctly horny sense of urgency. Her clitoris poked up through her pubic hair. It had swollen to its full, nearly five-centimeter length; it hadn't always been that way, but neither had her hair. Both were side effects from the same "gene therapy study" that had covered her body in scars.

Heavy drops of water plunked on the skylight in the ceiling, sporadic at first, but soon Avaris had a steady rhythm to rub herself to. She lay back, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. Her pelvic muscles tightened, and the rain didn't entirely drown out her grunts of effort.

In the darkness of her mind, a memory from her fading dream buoyed itself slowly into her mind's eye. A pale blue face reminiscent of cave-dwelling creatures who never saw the sun-

Avaris's hand sped up and she felt the first spasms in her pelvis.

"Come on," she growled, trying to keep her voice from echoing. The tension was released with a series of explosive squirts that wrenched a cry of surprise out of her.

Her orgasm seemed to drain as fast as it came on, and left her gasping and spread-eagle on the tile floor. Her pussy pulsated, and the floodgates opened. The wind howled outside, covering her long moan of relief.

Avaris dozed off for several minutes and forced herself to sit up. She found that the back of her shirt was all wet, then found that she hadn't actually avoided peeing on her sleeping bag. A large amount of urine had soaked into it before she fell off the cot.

Groaning, Avaris wandered into the cramped little wedge-shaped kitchen to start the kettle. She found a set of dry clothes in the box in the bedroom portion of her home and went back to her cot, pulling them on.

Avaris sat at a small folding table in the mostly-empty bedroom area with her tea. The bedroom window was on the opposite side of the craft from the front door, and she got up periodically to peek out. Eternal Autumn lived up to its namesake; a chilly petrichor permeated the night, making the air feel colder than it already was. Foggy halos ringed the steady orange lamps that illuminated the yard's grid of raised walkways.

The dockyard had a small laundry room near the host's cabin-slash-expired-food-store, and Avaris found that it was open twenty-four hours. She hurried back to her craft and hauled her clothes out in her sleeping bag. Avaris didn't anticipate having to pee but wore her protective underwear anyway. She didn't like thinking of them as diapers: it was half past two in the morning and it would be some much-needed insulation against the chill, especially if she could stay dry.

The laundry room had its own entrance, though it was attached to the shop. There was a little bell over the glass door, and it tinkled as Avaris pushed her way in with her laundry, soap, and some money for laundry tokens.

One of the four washers was already in use, but otherwise, the place was empty. The scrubbed linoleum floor was either yellowed gray or faded beige, and the room was pleasantly warm and humid with just a hint of burnt dryer lint and wet socks.

The walk back to her little square in the docking yard was unexpectedly peaceful. Avaris brewed herself another pot of tea and decided to check her email when she got back. The connection was slow on her cheap little flip phone, so she rested her head on her hands and waited-

"DON'T TOUCH ME!"

Avaris jolted awake to her phone beatboxing an alarm and the stinging white glow of the screen. Her inbox had loaded and there was nothing new, so she silenced the timer and sat up, rubbing her eyes. She finished her lukewarm cup of tea before getting up and making her way back to the laundry. It was still cool outside, with a bracing mist settling around the raised walkways and the occasional immobile floating crafts tethered to them.

This time, there was movement in the yellowed lights of the laundry room. Avaris almost hesitated and turned back, but she knew this would be a quick errand. Besides, she told herself firmly, it's just some random stranger doing their laundry. They probably didn't want to be bothered either.

The figure stood out immediately, vibrant orange on a dingy off-white field. It was an amphibious woman, and her back was to the door as she loaded wet clothes into one of the dryers. She wore a t-shirt and a pair of shorts that showed off her long graceful limbs, and her dusty green hair was tied into its usual elaborate braid. Avaris willed the woman not to turn around while she switched out her laundry as fast as she could.

Adding two extra tokens to top up the dryer, Avaris sprinted to the door. The bell tinkled as she retreated, taking the shortest possible route to her docking site.

Avaris locked her front door and plopped down on her cot, letting her wings sag. She hadn't expected to see the woman in the laundry room, not out here on the coast of a sparsely-inhabited nowhere world. She didn't know which of the other air crafts belonged to the woman and looked around to make sure her curtains were closed before letting herself relax.

Instead of setting a timer, Avaris decided she'd just watch her phone. She had some tea to keep herself awake, but it only prolonged her slow slide into sleep.

*012*2023-03-19 07:28

{{10 hours ago, orangelion said:

Is this entirely a flashback sequence to introduce a new character? Or does it switch to the present day. It says 5 years ago at the top, but I don't see it switching to another time period.

}}

Yeah; it was written separately at first as a short story, and I wanted to introduce Avaris before her connections to the other characters.
