Brandon and Eileen: At the Theater

Author: lurking07

*000*2025-07-27 20:52

To celebrate their six-month anniversary, Brandon and Eileen got tickets to see a musical in the city. The show they were seeing was in high demand, and tickets had been hard to come by, but thanks to advice from Eileen's uncle they had managed to purchase two tickets in the center of the orchestra section. They decided to make a night of it and meet for drinks before the show. Eileen would take the train directly from work, while Brandon would drive down and bring them both back after the show.

At 5:30, Brandon gave himself a last look-over before getting into the car. He'd dressed smartly in grey dress pants and an ocean-blue button-down that Eileen had gotten him, saying it "brought out his eyes". He knew it would take at least an hour to get into the city, and he wanted to have time to enjoy drinks before the show. He texted Eileen that he was on his way, then again just after 6:30 to let her know he was waiting in the bar. Just as he hit "send", Eileen walked in. Brandon always thought she looked good, but tonight she was a knock-out. She wore a form-fitting black dress with an open back and a v-neckline, low enough to show off her cleavage but not so low as to be tacky. The dress hugged her shapely ass as well, made all the more striking by the black stilettos she had on. Her chestnut brown hair waved above her shoulders, and the look was completed with red lipstick.

"You look gorgeous." Brandon murmured in her ear as he kissed her cheek in greeting.

"Thanks babe. You're looking pretty sharp yourself," Eileen replied. "Ready to order?"

They each ordered a glass of wine, along with a plate of appetizers to share. After the second round of drinks, Brandon switched to water, but he encouraged Eileen to order a third glass of wine if she wanted. "We're celebrating, and you're not driving. There's no harm in getting a bit drunk," he told her with a smile.

"True, but I don't want to be so drunk I can't enjoy the show. I'll have the wine, but I'll get a glass of water as well." Eileen decided.

The atmosphere was lovely, and both were enjoying each other's company so much that they almost lost track of time. Brandon casually checked his phone before uttering "Oh shit- babe, it's after 7:40- and parking is going to be a nightmare-"

Eileen hurriedly downed the rest of her water, then flagged the server. "Go bring the car around while I settle the bill. I'll meet you out front." Brandon agreed, and quickly strode outside. Eileen paid their bill, being sure to leave a generous tip, then quickly glanced towards the ladies room. She didn't really have to pee yet, but having consumed three glasses of wine and a glass of water, she knew it was only a matter of time. However, at that moment Brandon pulled up right in front of the bar, putting his flashers on since there wasn't anywhere to pull over. Not wanting to block traffic, or make them any later than they already were, Eileen hurried outside and got into the car.

It took only 5 minutes to drive to the theater, but another 10 to park. By the time Brandon and Eileen entered the building it was 7:57, with the show set to start at 8:00. They rushed through the large venue to the doors of their section, where an usher quickly directed them to their seats. No sooner had they sat down then the lights dimmed, and the show began.

The show was as good as everyone said, and Eileen was riveted. However, even as she watched the performance, she was reminded of her steadily filling bladder. An hour into the first act, Eileen carefully swung her left leg over her right and crossed them tightly. This fact didn't go unnoticed by Brandon, who by this point was familiar with the signs his girlfriend needed to pee. He wasn't surprised, considering all she'd drank without a restroom break. Hell, he hadn't even had as much as her, and he was feeling an urge to go himself. But he also knew her well enough to know that while she might be getting full, Eileen was nowhere near desperate, and he was sure they'd both hit the restrooms during intermission.

Intermission finally came at 9:30. As they entered the lobby, Brandon glanced towards the restrooms and saw everyone else seemed to have the same idea as him. A line of at least twenty people snaked out the door of the men's room, and the line for the women's room was even longer. Eileen touched his arm.

"Everyone always rushes to the bathrooms as soon as intermission starts, but the line will be mostly gone in about 20 minutes. We can go right before the second act starts," she told him.

"Sounds good," Brandon agreed. "In the meantime, should we get some refreshments?"

Eileen considered. She had to pee pretty badly by now, but she anticipated being in the bathroom in less than half an hour.

"Yes, why not?" she said with a smile.

They each bought a glass of wine and meandered onto the outdoor balcony, which overlooked the city's river. It was a beautiful and romantic atmosphere, the weather still warm in the early autumn. As they made their way to the end of the balcony, the rushing of the river became audible. Brandon didn't miss the way Eileen tensed up and pressed her legs together. The movement was subtle enough that anyone who wasn't looking for it would have missed it. Brandon, however, was looking for it.

He smirked slightly at his girlfriend. "Wine catching up with you, babe?" he asked in a low voice.

Eileen grimaced a bit. "Yeah, I've gotta go pretty bad," she admitted easily. While holding her wine glass with one hand, she smoothed her other hand down the front of her dress, revealing a small bump between her hips: the beginnings of a bladder bulge. Again, it wouldn't be noticeable to anyone who wasn't intimately familiar with what Eileen usually looked like, but to Brandon, the difference from her normally flat abdomen was obvious.

"Hmm, it looks like it," he said, and pulled her against him as they both looked out across the water, wrapping an arm around her waist. To anyone else, they'd just look like a couple enjoying the view, the young woman leaning back against her partner as he held her against him. What Brandon was actually enjoying, however, was the feel of Eileen's bladder under his hand as he gently rubbed her abdomen. He could tell she wasn't near capacity yet, as he had seen and felt her bladder much bigger, but he still enjoyed palming the contours of the swell, particularly as could feel Eileen rhythmically tensing her body. They both became lost in the moment, and startled when a smooth voice came over the loudspeaker.

"Act II will start in ten minutes. Please make your way back to your seats."

"I guess we better head in," Brandon said slightly regretfully. They re-entered the lobby and parted ways near the restrooms. The men's room line now only held a few people, and while the women's line was still longer, it was shorter than it had been earlier. Within three minutes, Brandon was in front of a urinal, enjoying relieving himself. As he made his way back to their seats, the smooth voice warned patrons that the performance would resume in five minutes.

Eileen heard the same warning from within the women's room, and bit her lip in concern. There were still nine people in front of her, and she wasn't sure they'd all get to go before the second act began. While she still wouldn't say she was desperate, she did need to pee very badly by this point, and she'd just drank yet another glass of wine. She subtly shifted her weight from foot to foot as the line inched forward, with the voice counting down the time left. With three people left in front of her, the announcement stated the performance would resume in one minute, and Eileen knew she was out of time.

She furrowed her brow, needing to make a quick decision. She could stay in line until her turn, but she would certainly miss at least the first few minutes of the next act, which she was loath to do considering how hard tickets had been to come by. She'd also need to disturb a dozen people when returning to her seat, since it was in the middle of the row. Besides that, there was the look in Brandon's eye when he saw her bladder bulge, the sound in his voice when he asked her if she needed to go... the gentle yet greedy feel of his fingers as he touched her... She knew that he had been extremely turned on, and while she hadn't been planning to hold this evening, turning on Brandon was one of her favorite pastimes.

Just as the lights began to dim, Eileen darted out of line and rushed down the aisle, resuming her seat as the curtain rose. Brandon glanced at her curiously, wondering about her last minute entrance. Had she been able to pee before hurrying in, or had she not gotten a chance?

Within a few minutes, it became very clear to Brandon that Eileen was still unrelieved. Her legs were crossed tightly, and her foot was gently jiggling in her high heel. After twenty minutes, Eileen uncrossed her legs, wiggled slightly side-to-side, then recrossed her legs the other way. As the performance continued on, Brandon found his attention increasingly pulled to his right by Eileen. She was being subtle enough not to disturb anyone in neighboring seats, but to Brandon's practiced eye it was obvious his girl was bursting. She gently swung her foot for a while longer before uncrossing her legs, her knees pressing together as she swayed them side-to-side. Her adjusting became more frequent in the final half hour, with Eileen switching to a new position every few minutes. She would also take occasional quiet gasps or sighs, and twice, inaudible to all but him, Brandon heard her softly groan.

By the time the final curtain fell and the audience rose to their feet in thunderous applause, it was clear to anyone who focused on Eileen that she badly needed to pee. Even as she joined in the standing ovation she kept her legs tightly crossed and was bent slightly forward, seemingly unable to stand completely straight. As the audience slowly began to file out, Eileen leaned up into Brandon's ear and whispered, "Oh god babe, I am so fucking desperate to pee right now..."

Brandon turned to his girlfriend, preparing to suggest they head to the bathrooms, but was confused to see her pulling out her phone, the other hand rubbing the top of her thigh as she took small, mincing steps up the aisle. A few seconds later, Brandon's own phone vibrated with a text.

Eileen: But I was thinking maybe I'd hold it for you.

Brandon looked back at Eileen with a smile spreading across his face. They hadn't planned this, but in a way the spontaneity made it even more hot. "If you're offering, I'd love that," he told her. Then he got a mischievous glint in his eye. "But I should get some water before we leave. I want to make sure I'm fully sober before I drive. You should have some too, you wouldn't want to be hungover tomorrow."

Eileen furrowed her brows. Her bladder was already throbbing and heavy, but she knew she had asked for this. She also knew she could call it off whenever she wanted. She and Brandon had agreed months ago that either one of them could safeword out at any time.

"O-of course..." she said shakily as they entered the lobby. Brandon bought two bottles of water for them, and they made their way down to the parking garage, sipping the water. The elevator was difficult for Eileen, as she had to work to hide her predicament from others in such close proximity. She squeezed her legs together and shuffled them back and forth, trying not to breathe too heavily. Brandon stood behind her and pulled her against him as he had on the balcony during intermission. He gently snaked his arm across her waist and rested his hand on her bladder again, causing Eileen to breathe in sharply. Her bladder was noticeably bigger than it had been earlier, and much more taut as well. He grinned as the elevator doors opened and Eileen tottered out ahead of him on her heels, one hand clenched in a fist at her side and the other rubbing her thigh. She was clearly dying to hold herself, and just waiting to get away from others to do so.

Eileen did her best to walk normally to the car, but between her bursting bladder and her high heels, she was moving much more slowly than usual. They had also had to park far from the entrance due to their late arrival at the theater, and by the time they reached their car, most of the surrounding vehicles had already left. Eileen stood next to the passenger side door, bending each leg up behind her at the knee, first one, then the other. She'd only drank half of the water bottle Brandon had gotten her, but she felt as though it had gone right through her, her bladder expanding by the second.

"Oh my god, I need to fucking pee," she muttered, before looking up to see Brandon just standing there, holding the car keys with the same mischievous glint in his eyes.

"Brandon, what's the hold up? Unlock the door," Eileen demanded, bending forward in a slight curtsey as she grasped the edge of her dress. She was past the point of being able to maintain decorum, and wanted to get in the car as quickly as possible so she could hold herself and wriggle as much as she needed.

"Sure, sure. Just as soon as you've finished your water." he replied with a smirk.

"Ugh, babe you're evil!" Eileen complained, wrapping her left leg entirely around her right as she leaned forward over the hood of the car. Nevertheless, she unscrewed the lid of the water bottle and downed the rest of the contents, then began bouncing her ass up and down. Brandon enjoyed the sight for a few more seconds before unlocking the car. Eileen gingerly lowered herself in before slamming the door. She immediately hiked her dress up and buried her hand between her legs before moaning openly.

"Ohhhh... god... I've gotta go."

Brandon slid into the driver's seat and started the engine. "Oh yeah? You've 'gotta go'? Care to elaborate?"

Eileen understood the invitation to describe her desperation. She gripped herself more tightly with one hand and gingerly rested the other atop her bladder, leaning back in her seat and puffing out air through her cheeks. She kept her eyes closed as Brandon maneuvered them out of the parking garage.

"I've gotta pee. I need to take a piss so fucking bad baby. I've had to go since Act I, when those glasses of wine and the glass of water hit me."

"I see. And how bad do you need to go now?" Brandon asked in a mock-casual voice. However, his eyes glittered with excitement and he kept stealing glances at Eileen as they made their way through the city.

"I- I'm bursting. My bladder is so full, I feel like it must weigh five pounds... God, I could pop a squat anywhere and piss a river..."

Things were relatively quiet for the next few minutes as they left the city, save for Eileen's occasional gasps and moans. Once they were on the parkway, she leaned forward in her seat and began bouncing again, moaning and muttering under her breath.

"Unnhh... Igottapee. Igottapee. Igottapee." She chanted under her breath. Her bladder was pounding inside her, demanding release with ever harsher pulses. "Igottapee. Igottapee. Oh, god, Brandon, I need to fucking pee!!" Eileen's voice raised with the final sentence, and Brandon looked over at her with slight alarm. She had her legs double crossed again and was wiggling from side to side in her seat, both hands gripping herself. She kept giving soft, rasping gasps and exclamations of "Ahh... ooh... ah- ah- oooohhh-"

Brandon could see she was nearing the end of her rope. Unfortunately, they were still 40 minutes away from home. The parkway was empty and wound through the woods, but the thick trees came right to the edge of the road and there was no place to safely pull off.

"Alright babe, I'm gonna stop at the next pull-out for you," Brandon said reassuringly. As sexy as Eileen looked right now and as hot as he found her desperation, he knew neither one of them wanted her to pee in his car.

"O-okay... ugh... gotta go..." Eileen replied shakily. She leaned far forward and shoved both hands all the way into her panties to get a better grip on herself and breathed deeply. "Hahh... hahhhh..."

A few moments later, Brandon rounded a curve and saw a pull-out on the right side of the road. It was little more than a driveway, with a single street lamp, a trashcan and a few picnic tables at the edge of the trees. He pulled over and turned off the car as Eileen threw her door open and staggered out of the car with her hand between her legs, her knees locked together, and her ass sticking out behind her. She took halting, precarious steps in her heels as Brandon exited the car and hurried over to his girlfriend. He expected her to immediately pull her panties down, but to his surprise she instead stumbled to the picnic table and perched on the edge of the bench, facing him. She made no move to pee, but simply kept her thighs and knees pressed together as tightly as she could while her feet splayed out, her toes pointing in. She rubbed her hands frantically against her thighs and continued to breathe deeply.

"Eileen? What are you doing?" Brandon asked, nonplussed.

Eileen took a breath and leaned her head back, closing her eyes. "I'm- hahh- holding it- unngg..." she explained. "I can- oh god- I can- fuck- hold it just a little longer- oooh-" Eileen gritted out through her teeth. She began frantically tapping her feet on the ground, making clacking sounds on the pavement in her heels. A few seconds later she started bouncing on the very edge of the seat, making rapid, high-pitched moans. "Ooh- ooh- ooh- ooh-"

Eileen suddenly stood, and in one movement parted her knees and pulled the gusset of her panties to the side. Pee immediately hissed out of her in a powerful jet, blasting the pavement forcefully. Her desperate moans lowered to a long, relieved groan. "Ohhhhh..." Her piss continued uninterrupted, a large puddle forming at her feet that began to slowly trickle towards the road. After 40 seconds her stream slowed, and 5 seconds later stopped. Eileen gave a deep, satisfied sigh. "Ahhh... god, I needed that."

Brandon swept her up in his arms and peppered her face with kisses, running his hands through her short hair. "Eileen. Have I told you you're the sexiest person I've ever met?"

Eileen smiled against him as her boyfriend continued to press kisses to every exposed area of her face and neck. "You may have mentioned it. Happy anniversary, babe."

