Svetlana's Fall from Grace

Author: Lexi

*000*2025-02-10 14:43

As I shuffled past the bustling tables, balancing yet another tray of drinks, I could hear the hum of excitement coming from the side of the bar where the foreign blonde had just strutted in. Her heels clicked against the polished floor like a hammer pounding into my skull. I glanced over, barely able to hide my annoyance. Svetlana, as everyone would soon call her, was the epitome of what I had grown to despise in this place—ridiculously beautiful, so beautiful it made me sick, with skin-tight white jeans that didn’t look comfortable in the least, and a fur-lined leather jacket like she thought she was royalty. Her glossy blonde hair cascaded down in waves, framing her face, which was artfully made up like a porcelain doll.

As she made her grand entrance, men started to fawn over her almost immediately. I could hear their voices—so desperate, so predictable. “Hey, gorgeous, let me buy you a drink.”

“You’re stunning... Where are you from?”

“I think you and I would look amazing together.”

It was all a little embarrassing, honestly. But not as embarrassing as the way she practically melted into the plush sofa in the roadside seating area, basking in the attention. She didn’t even bother to look at the people around her as she adjusted her position, flipping her hair back as though everyone in the room was there for her and her alone.

I had better things to do than watch her parade around, but I couldn’t help but overhear her conversation with the men around her. As I refilled drinks at the nearby table, her voice rang out loud and clear—loud enough for everyone to hear.

“Of course, I can hold my bladder all night,” she said, her tone haughty, like it was some kind of accomplishment. She flicked her hair and continued, “I’ve got an iron bladder. You men? You wouldn’t understand. I can hold more than a liter, no problem. It's a gift. I’m like a superwoman.”

I suppressed a snort as I wiped down the counter, trying not to let my irritation show. It wasn’t just that she was so full of herself. It was that she actually believed her own hype, like every man was supposed to be in awe of her. I mean, I knew she was beautiful—everyone could see that—but it was more than that. It was her utter disregard for anything real. She was so stuck in her own little world of superiority that she didn’t even realize she was coming across as a complete joke.

Hours passed, and Svetlana’s bravado only seemed to grow. She boasted about her iron bladder like it was some incredible feat, while I watched from my corner as she slowly sank deeper into her drunken haze. Every time I passed by her, I could see her shift uncomfortably in her seat, her legs crossed tightly, as though she were trying to will herself into holding it all in.

Her breathing became heavier. The once sleek movements of her stiletto boots—those ridiculous things she clomped around in like she was some model on a runway—were now strained, uneven, as she squirmed in place. Her manicured nails drummed nervously on the table, and every so often, she would try to straighten up, attempting to exude confidence, but there was something in her posture that betrayed her discomfort.

“Ugh, no, I’m fine,” she said out loud, almost to herself, as if trying to convince herself. “I’m not like these...common folk. I can hold it. I don’t need to go to the bathroom. Not tonight. It’s all beneath me. I’m Svetlana, the perfect model. Nothing will break my composure.”

It was around this time I started to feel sorry for her, though not for the reasons you might think. The poor thing was so far gone in her delusions, she couldn’t even see how badly things were starting to go. She was oblivious to the growing crowd of men now gossiping about her. They didn’t care if she was flawless. They were more interested in her downfall.

At this point, Svetlana’s stomach started to betray her, too. I could hear it rumbling faintly from across the room, and she winced, but she remained defiant. As I made my way back to the bar, I overheard her again, speaking loudly to the group of men, her voice a mix of pride and drunken bravado.

“My bowel movements? They're a joke. I’m so in control. I never have to go when I don’t want to.” She laughed to herself as if it was all some grand achievement, but the desperation in her eyes gave her away. Her face, once radiant, was beginning to show signs of discomfort.

The moment I saw her rise from her seat, I knew something had gone wrong. She wobbled as though she’d lost the strength in her legs. Still trying to maintain her poise, she put one boot in front of the other, but it was clear the booze had taken its toll. She staggered toward the bathroom, but her steps were slow and awkward, and she couldn’t even take the straight path. As she teetered, I saw the pain cross her face—sharp, sudden, and unrelenting.

Then, with a sound too loud to ignore, she fell. She lost her balance entirely and collapsed onto the pavement outside, her designer jeans scraping across the rough surface. The heels of her boots went flying in opposite directions as she sprawled out. I’m not sure how much time passed before I saw it—the unmistakable signs of her once-immaculate self falling apart.

First came the sharp gasp, followed by a soft hiss. The unmistakable sound of her bladder completely releasing, flooding her jeans with a warm, wet spill. She groaned, as though in shock, but that was nothing compared to the release that followed. Her face flushed red as, with a loud, explosive noise, she also let go of her bowels. The stench that followed was immediate, overpowering. It filled the street, and people started to scatter. I heard some men gasp in disbelief, and I could hear the disgust in their voices.

“Is that... Is that really happening?” one of them murmured.

The wealthy man who had been trying to get her attention earlier stepped back in shock. He looked at her, looked at her ruined, once-beautiful form, and then—without a word—climbed into his car and drove off. The sound of the engine revving up seemed to echo through the air as he disappeared into the night.

And there she was, Svetlana, the flawless bombshell, the one who thought herself above it all. Lying in the gutter, her expensive clothes stained with the very thing she had once thought she was above. She was still so drunk that she couldn’t even sit up, let alone salvage any of her dignity.

I stood there for a moment, just watching, knowing that this would be the scene that followed her forever. I wasn’t going to rush to her aid. Why should I? She had made her bed, after all.

The city lights, once so dazzling, now only illuminated the tragedy of her pride.

And I... I just walked back to the bar, shaking my head, my shift still far from over.

