This Really Sexy Lady

Author: lhansen

*000*2018-11-04 15:51

I really could not help myself when this all started. You see I was a pretty naive kid of eighteen and a freshman at an out of state community college that my grand parents helped pay for. They’d suggested I leave home for another state and start "growing up” as they put it. I was about to change in ways that I’m sure they could not have dreamed of.

I’d had a few relationships with some pretty hot young ladies in my high school class that were fun, but they usually just resulted in some sticky underwear for the both of us. I really love women and it is not hard for them to really drive me over the edge. We were all really young, but there just seemed to be something missing. That all changed when I started taking a business law class from Miss Heather.

Let me tell you about this very hot and sexy, thirty five year old women. Heather or Miss Heather as we called her could really get a young man worked up, at least she did for me. She just had those sexy curves that begged for attention and I’m sure that most of you know what I mean when I say "she tried hard to use them to every advantage”.

Now I tried hard to do well in her class, never missing one and usually sitting in the front row. I loved sitting there because I always managed the best view of her sexy curves. She’d often wear a knee length pencil skirt that really accentuated her beautiful ass. It also was quite easy to tell what was under it as well. For some reason she often wore a high cut control pantie along with stay up stockings. Her skirt did little to hide the seams of her underwear, even doing less to hide the double crotch band of her panties. I loved it.

Although I was under age, I’d still managed to get some fake ID which I decided to put to good use at an old run down country western bar near the edge of town. One quiet Saturday night, I got really lucky. It was about ten PM when I wondered in for a couple of beers and who should I see, but Miss Heather sitting in a booth by herself. Almost immediately our eyes met, so I could do little but walk over to greet her. Heather was a bit into several glasses of wine and especially talkative and soon had me sitting right next to her. We were getting along and I couldn’t believe it. She was really hot, even more than I imagined.

Now we were really starting to have fun telling a few lies about one another with her using every opportunity to rub her beautiful tits along my arm. Finally I could do nothing to hide my very large erection and our lips met. That was fun and probably would have been enough, but she kept muttering something about needing to go. Thinking she wanted to go home, I kept asking her to stay awhile longer. Finally she just said, “OK you win I’ll just stay here with you”.

There is something about an older women that no high school girl could ever compete with and Heather had it all. I was doing as much as I dared to do in this rather dark club when I began to feel a bit a of wetness near the seat of my jeans. Thinking we’d spilled something, I put my hand on the wetness. Heather noticed and casually says, “Oh my, I’m afraid that was me, I told you I needed to go, I think I’ve wet my panties, but lets not worry about it”. My erection suddenly got a lot larger.

One of my high school class mates was a neighbor and she sometimes peed her panties while we were growing up, so wetting was not something new to me. This really sexy thirty five year old was something else though. Heather and I continued our conversation as she explained that sometimes, if she got really excited, she’d pee "as she put it" and wanted to know if it bothered me that her college teacher still wets her pants. Of course there was a very good answer for that. I told her I thought it was sexy as hell.

We continued petting, actually pawing one another. I’d barely touched the wetness on her ass when she suddenly suggested we walk out to her car where we’d get a little more privacy. That was alright with me, so we stood to leave. Now, Heather was more than aware of her condition, so as we stood there next to the booth, she told me to stay close behind her so the other customers wouldn't notice that she'd peed herself .

If she thought no one would notice, well, guess again. Watching a beautiful women walking across the room in heels and a tight fitting grey skirt is always something to behold. But that wet patch on her ass, was something that shouldn't have been missed.

Should I continue.....

