It Could Have Been Avoided

Author: Lythe

*000*2018-05-19 03:19

The petite brown mouse shifted uncomfortably in the driver’s seat of her SUV. An empty water bottle discarded on the passenger’s side combined with the mostly empty sonic drink in the cup holder gave away why. Audrey looked back out the front window, noticing traffic had moved slightly and letting her foot off the brake to scoot her car forward a couple feet. She pressed the brake again gently, trying to ease her car back to a stop, avoiding any sort of abrupt motion.

Adjusting her glasses, she checked her phone’s map again. hat had started as a slightly yellow and green line had darkened to a deep red over the course of her drive. It had been simple, really. The Target near her home had run out of a chair that was on clearance but would be a perfect fit for her living room. She'd been so excited to find out one across town, a thirty minute drive away but still faster than ordering it online, had the chair in stock. It was on hold, but unluckily for the young woman so was traffic. Some sort of wreck had happened early on that had brought her drive to a standstill.

Had Audrey known this was going to happen, she'd never have picked up such a large drink, given her small stature, a route 44 was ridiculous. She also would've gone to the bathroom after downing her water bottle, before she'd left the other target. Instead, she'd sucked down both. The strawberry limeade she'd picked up to make her supposedly short trip more enjoyable had gone down so smooth on the warm day. She'd even started crunching on the ice when traffic had begun to really stack, but foolishly hadn't exited the highway. Now everything inched along at a snail’s pace. Everything that was except for the drinks she had pumped into herself without a second thought.

She'd begun to grow concerned about twenty minutes prior when she realized traffic hadn't moved beyond a crawl in over ten minutes, and a noticeable pressure had started to grow from just below her belly button. The last twenty minutes had not been kind. Traffic was boring to sit in, giving little focus on but the steady and inevitable drip from her stomach to her bladder. Even worse, when she shifted she could still feel a distinct slosh coming from her belly. She was already so full, but more was forcing itself into her taut organ. Nervously, she began to chew her lip as she looked around.

Her whiskers were starting to quiver with anticipation. The seat belt dug in cruelly, but it was hard keep it off. Things were becoming dire as she undid the top button on her jeans. They were one of those three button numbers that made her stomach look nice and flat, but didn't help at all in a situation like this. With no relief in sight, she fiddled with the second button, before undoing it as well. That had helped. To hell with it. The third button was next. The form fitting t shirt she wore did nothing to hide the small pudge that seemed to be growing in her abdomen. That had bought her time, but she wasn't sure how much. Audrey began to fidget with her hair, curling her coppery locks around her fingers.

A honk brought her attention back to the road as she gingerly moved her car forward. Her exit was in sight!

“Eep!” she squeaked as her bladder gave a particularly strong signal. Her zipper remained in place for the moment, but deciding to throw all modesty out the window, she pulled out down, sighing at the very noticeable relief. That had reduced her strain massively, but the battle wasn't over yet, not by a long shot. Despite the exit coming into view, with how slow traffic was moving there was just no telling how long it would take to get to there. She clenched her legs together tightly. Anything to hold back the growing tide.

Slowly but surely, traffic trudged onward.

The clock seemed to be moving in slow motion while the mouse’s kidneys worked double time, constantly drizzling in more and more urine. The thirty minute drive had rapidly devolved into what was now over an hour long ordeal. While undoing her zipper five minutes earlier had helped then, any benefit there had been seemed to be disappearing. Audrey was starting to have trouble sitting still. It seemed like her pants, even with the zipper down, were just too tight on her poor bladder. She held the seat belt off what was now a noticeable budge as best she could, but the simple reality was becoming very clear. She was running out of time.

Determinedly, Audrey pressed on, trying in vain to focus on something other than the growing ocean inside of her. Focusing on anything else, however, was nearly impossible. A pulse seemed to be emanating throughout her body. “Ah!” A high pitched moan escaped her mouth as a violent wave or urgency over took her. Startled, she made the mistake of jumping up slightly. When she flopped back down, a few drops escaped. The little mouse was positively desperate. She needed to relieve herself, and if she wasn't able to find somewhere to take care of it, her body would be deciding for her soon enough.

Finally, Audrey began the slow crawl down the exit ramp. One more mile. Five more minutes. Then she could let go. Just five more minutes. Surely she could hold out that long.

She eyed the sonic cup. The remaining ice had melted, leaving about a fifth of the cup full of water. That could be an option, but she'd had to drink the rest if the water. The idea of putting any more liquid in her was just too daunting. Why in the hell had she gotten a route 44 sized drink?

The next five minutes were torture in its purest form. Free of the traffic that had put Audrey in this position in the first place, she realized she had to let her seatbelt go back where it was supposed to fit. As the fabric snapped against her abdomen, she nearly cried out. Against her will, a small trickle of piss began leak out, pooling in her panties. She was starting to lose control. In a final act of defiance against herself, Audrey shoved her hand down her pants and against her pee hole. She felt her bladder flex desperately, trying to push out more pee, but dammit she would hold it in by force if she had to. The little mouse was not going to piss her pants.

As her SUV rounded the last corner into the Target parking lot, Audrey almost wept in relief. It was almost over. She parked her car as close to the entrance as she could. That was when she remembered the state of her pants. She couldn't go in with her pants totally unzipped and unbuttoned, and hand shoved down holding back a veritable sea of liquid. It would look ridiculous. Cautiously, she tightened her muscles and pulled back her hand. When that worked, she went to pull up her zipper. It hurt, but she managed. Now the tough part. Those damn buttons.

Painstakingly, Audrey wriggled the first button on. Her bladder protested but she pushed forward, pressing her hand against herself from the outside, while getting the second button on with her free hand. Okay, that was done. Now she just had to make it to the actual toilet. She opened her door, grabbed her purse, and stepped outside. Gravity hit like a truck. Involuntarily, she squeezed her legs tightly together, and bounced lightly on the balls of her feet. It worked enough.

Audrey took short, smooth steps towards the entrance. Nothing that would jostle her already fragile state. It seemed like literally everything she had drank had gone straight through, and was now begging for release. What had seemed like a mile long walk began to shorten into something manageable. Despite all her caution, a few drips began to make their way free, but she pressed forward. Soon, she stepped through the automatic doors and into the glorious air conditioning. Looking left, then right, she spotted the restrooms sign, and could have cried with joy. Soon, soon, soon, the young woman thought fervently.

As she approached the bathroom, the drips turned into a more frequent trickle. She stepped across the threshold of the women's bathroom. The first toilet stall stood, door open, as if it was inviting her in. Her bladder chose that moment to make it clear it was done waiting. While she'd contained things to a small trickle, a strongly spasm pushed out a much larger flow. Audrey's eyes grew to the size of saucers. She didn't think any further as she nearly leaped into the stall, tore her pants down, and began to piss in a long, seemingly endless stream.

Audrey sat back, relaxing totally on the toilet, tongue lolling out of her mouth I'm utter relief. God, it felt so unbelievably good to just have let go. An almost orgasmic sense of pleasure radiated out through her body, and she gave a low, quiet moan.

As she finished up, she took a look at her panties. Well, those were wrecked. They looked drenched. She took them off and threw them away. Her pants, remarkably, weren't too bad, despite their light hue. There was a small wet spot, but after putting them back on, she couldn't see it from the front or behind in the mirror. Audrey smiled as she left the bathroom. She'd made it, and now she could get her damn chair, having only lost a pair of panties for her trouble. Next time, she'd just order the damn thing online.

*004*2018-05-23 03:31

Thank y'all! I'm glad you enjoyed it!

