The Memverse Testing Innitiative

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-03-24 07:10

This is going to be a series set before/during/after the events of splatoon 3: side order. There will be heavy spoilers. There is going to be a bit of pearlina because it's practically canon at this point. (lesbian ship between characters pearl and marina) and maybe some agent 24 [agent 3(captain) x agent 8(eight)]

This takes place within the same au(?) as the other story I made on splatoon with Eight and Cap.

Chapter one - a desperate day on tour

Pearl woke up on the Off The Hook tour bus. She nestled herself out from under her wife to step out and stretched her arms. As she checked her old squid phone, which she really had to replace soon, she shot up in alarm. Their next concert was in one hour and she wasn't even dressed! She quickly ran to wake her wife Marina and they bolted into the venue.

"Holy squit, why didn't I set an alarm!?" Marina scolded herself as the duo ran into the building.

"Probably got distracted by that nerd stuff your working on!" Pearl teased

"Once you see what- oh whatever!" Marina huffed. The duo got to their dressing room and without wasting a second started getting ready. Pearl threw on her spacesuit jacket - made from real space grade materials - and leggings, while Marina slipped on her bright orange pants and jacket. Some loved their new look, while others hated it. Pearl thought her wife looked beautiful in her orange getup.

But there was no time for that, the concert was in thirty minutes! The duo applied their makeup and were ready just in time. Off the Hook walked on stage to a round of applause, audiences waving green and pink glow sticks in the air.

They began the concert with their usual banter, trying to give the people the dynamic they all know and love from the idols. They jumped into their debut song, Ebb and Flow, first. It was just then, while singing her first line, that she noticed something. She really had to pee.

Within the stressful morning, not only had she not gotten a chance to pee, but there weren't even any bathrooms in the backstage area of the venue. Pearl began to think through her options as they continued their songs.

About an hour into the concert, she hadn't come up with any solutions but damn she needed it bad.

"Alright, everyone! I think we should take a quick break. We will be back in about 30 minutes. In the meantime, don't get cooked! Stay off the hook!" Pearl yelled as she walked off stage. She pressed a button on her jacket and her mic made a clicking noise, signaling that it was muted.

"Hey Pearlie!" Marina caught up to pearl. "Did you happen to see any bathrooms back here?" Pearl could see Marina's calm demeanor slipping.

"That's exactly why I called that break, I am about to burst!" Pearl complained at she hopped from foot to foot. "T-to answer your question, I don't think there is. Were gonna have to get creative."

"The break room had a couple of pretty big plant pots! The dirt looked really dry so we could probably go in those without fully saturating it!" Marina suggested, panic creeping on the edge of her voice.

"That's as good a plan as any right now!" Pearl said as she and her wife bolted to the break room. Pearl practically ripped off her leggings and panties and positioned her crotch over the pot. Marina followed suit, but couldn't make it to the other pot. In a last minute decision she sat on the pot pearl was already using. She has failed to consider that this would put her clit directly in the stream of pearls piss. Marinas gates opened, and she released a jet that could rival the stinger in terms of concentrated power.

"H-holy shit, 'Rina you had to go way worse than me!" Pearl exclaimed "I'm honestly impressed, like how strong is your bladder, girl!"

"Well back in the Oct- Mmhh!" Marina began to say something, but was cut off by moan. "Holy shit Pearl, I think im- AHH!"

Pearl stared at her wife as green ink shot all over the dirt in the pot, covering the whole dirt area. Marina has just inked. Marina had inked because pearl had peed on her pussy. Pearl didn't know what to think, but she knew what she felt.

"Hey, Marina... I'm like super horny right now and I don't know why." Pearl admitted, voice completely absent of shame. She figured someone who had just had an octogasm from being peed on would be in no place to judge.

"Oh! Uh, ok!" Marina blushed and looked down at the floor. "Well maybe we should experiment with this after the tour?" She shyly suggested.

"Uh, yeah!" Pearls face went red "good idea."

*001*2024-03-25 02:56

I swear we will get to the memverse next chapter, I just have ideas for more pre-side order stuff with Off The Hook.

Chapter 2 - drifting off with the wind

The tour was over. While Marina loved the time on tour, she was glad it was done. Now she could finally show Pearl the project she'd been working on.

She looked to her side and saw Pearl was asleep. Whenever the duo flew, marina simply had to sit on the window seat. She simply had to see everything that was going on inside and outside the plane to make sure it was flying correctly. She suspected it was a combination of her terrible anxiety and her history as an engineer.

She decided to pull out her laptop and look over the code and run stone diagnostics to make sure everything was in working order.

Marina woke up, her laptop closed in front of her, face in her lap. Her back hurt like shell and her neck was even worse. The plane was going through some heavy turbulence, and it evidently woke up Pearl as well as her. Pearl looked to be stressed about something.

"Hey Pearlie, whats wrong?" Marina asked groggily.

"Hi 'Rina! Uh, you know how my bladder is super sensitive to intense movement? Well we are moving way too intensely and I'm about to piss myself. But because of the turbulence I can't go to the bathroom and I think I'm fucked." Pearl explained her predicament.

"Want me to help you hold it?" Marina yawned.

"Sorry babe but I don't think you can do anything." Pearl continued to squirm in her seat.

"No here I know a trick for this hold on." Marina said as she began to do something, but slipped in her tiredness. She ended up accidentally placing most of her weight just above Pearl's crotch.

Pearl let out a slight moan of relief as her pee forced itself through her uerethra, pooling in the seat and spilling out onto the floor of the plane.

"Oh my cod Pearlie I am so sorry!" Marina gasped as she grabbed the barf bag from the back of the seat and tried to catch as much of the liquid as she could, her hands getting covered in the process.

"No, your good 'Rina." Pearl assured. "It was gonna come out anyway, you just expedited the process. My question is how you aren't absolutely bursting right now too? I mean you've drank way more me and haven't gone to the bathroom even once!"

"Back when I was working for that monster Octavio as an engineer, he didn't give any bathroom breaks at all. Typically people would just let go when it got hard, but I refused to lose my dignity." Marina recounted

"That's bad-bass." Pearl nodded approvingly.

"Plus I'm just really good at hiding it." Marina added as she reached for one of the other bags and pulled down her pants. She put it to her octopussy and relaxed her bladder. One thing marina was never all too good at estimation. The bag overflowed almost immediately, spilling even more pee onto the floor.

"Cod I feel sorry for the janitor." Pearl commented.

"No, we're cleaning this up, Pearl. We made this mess after all." Marina said.

"Ffffffffineeeee." Pearl whined.

*002*2024-03-30 07:53

This one actually takes place within the memverse, lol. This was actually an original idea that I had but ended up scrapping due to a lot of prior knowledge being required. Hopefully I've covered most of that already so it should be good.

Chapter 3 - every program has it's bugs

An octoling looked around the wasteland they had been trapped in for days. Her body was being sustained by the machine, so no worries there. It was still partially controlled by her mind, however so things that required input from her mind still functioned as normal. She decided when to rest, when to blink, and when to pee.

The octoling had been through many names. Her first, she couldn't quite recall, but her next few were all variations of her current name, Eight.

Eights task was to climb the spire of order and return the souls trapped in the digital universe. Just another thing to talk to her therapist about later. She was grateful for all those who were helping her, though. Without the guidance of Pearl and Marina, she wouldn't be where she was now. And without the support of Pearl, Marina, and Three, she wouldn't be where she was now. They all made this awful and bumpy ride called life worth it.

Before she even noticed she'd entered the deca tower, the elevator started it's climb. Only now was Eight alert of a rather pressing issue. Her real body had to pee badly. Normally, this wouldn't be that big of a deal, but to give subjects a sense of normalcy and routine within the simulation, Marina coded in pee. Eight would be one to admit that it did help, at least a little bit, but due to an oversight in the physical machinery, for Eight at least, peeing shifted the apparatus in such a way that it stimulated her... What this meant for those in the current version of the simulation was that whenever they peed, it felt like they were inking.

Eight considered taking the elevator back down to use a bathroom when she saw the danger modifier of the next level. No pearl drone. If pearl wasn't there, then she shouldn't see her. She swiftly dashed between the triangles, and destroyed all the portals. Right at the end of the test, Eight popped a squat and took a piss on the establishment that is the memverse. Three would be proud.

###

Ok maybe I'm too tired to write goodly RN idk.

*003*2024-03-31 06:41

Not super proud of the last two entries lol. This is another, hopefully better, thing in the memverse.

Chapter 4 - stuck

Acht was the groups elevator warmer and she knew it. They were there exclusively to stop the DJ and the robot from making out, and in the process keep Eight's sanity in tact. Still, they were a little bitter that while the whole group was fighting this giant octopus thing made of jello, they were just sitting. And waiting. And waiting. And waiting some more.

This time Eight was doing some absurd challenge with a paint bucket and a lot of bombs. It was taking damn near forever for her to send that blithering idiot to computer hell.

Acht felt their legs push against each other with almost no input. They had tried to only go to the bathroom when necessary, as while her arrangement in the metro would keep them alive, it would not keep them from waking up in a puddle of their own piss when they got out of the memverse.

This had obviously come back to bite them, why wouldn't it? They were full on squirming now, looking for a solution. Acht looked to the ceiling and saw an emergency exit.

"While dammit this certainly is an emergency." Acht whispered as she reached up to push it open. "Please, for the love of cod, don't just be decoration." They were grateful for marinas taste in easter eggs. They got up to see a little drawing of Pearl on the top of the elevator. Cod this girl was gay.

"Sorry, Marina." Acht apologized to the air as they popped a squat at the edge of the elevator. They couldn't even get their panties off before a torrent of pee flew down the elevator shaft into what was probably just an endless void. Acht couldn't find anything to wipe with, but to their relief it seemed wet clothing wasn't coded into the memverse.

Right as they pulled up their panties, they heard the elevator door open. Acht quickly slid back through the exit and into the main elevator. Ready for whatever crazy challenge Eight would throw herself at next.

###

Now this is what I call a... What do I call it? Fanfic? Literature? Smut? Whatever it is it sure was one. I like writing witty sarcastic characters which is odd because I despise being around those types of people.

