Elle

Author: largebio

*000*2018-01-19 11:10

Hi, my name is Elle. I'm 18 years old and I'm gonna tell you all about how I had a little accident twice in one day last summer.

It was a beautiful summer's day, so I decided to go to the beach with my bestie, Laura. We arrived around 11 AM, we found a nice spot to sit and put our stuff down.

I was wearing a pink bikini which tightly fitted my nice bum - if I may say so - and C cup breasts. Laura was wearing a light blue bikini, she also has a nice round bum but somewhat smaller breasts than me.

So we had put down our stuff and decided to test the water, since this was the first warm day, the water was freezing. So we quickly decided we would just lay on the beach and work on our tan. For around two hours we just layed on our beach towels and chatted. I had two bottles of water during this period, when I decided to tan my back a little.

I hate tan lines on my back, so I untied the strings and layed down on my back. I didn't take my top off, since I don't feel comfortable showing my breasts to the world.

We chatted for another hour, I had another bottle of water. But soon we both dozed off. I woke up what felt two hours later and immediately felt I had to pee bad. There was one problem though, I couldn't manage to tie the strings back up myself, while still laying down. Getting up was not an option since my top would slide off, exposing my bare breasts to the guys sitting next to us. And Laura was still asleep, so I couldn't ask her to help me. And there was no way I was going to walk to the toilets topless.

So instead, I tried to go back to sleep. Succesfully, for about fifteen minutes, but soon woke up again, my bladder filling rapidly, I felt much more desperate this time. Probably a 7/10. I wanted to grab my crotch, but couldn't do it incospicuously enough. So all that kept me from peeing myself were my bladder muscles and my sheer willpower.

It didn't take long though - I guess ten minutes or so - untill I felt a spurt come out. And a few minutes later another. I realised I couldn't hold it much longer. I looked over at Laura - still asleep - so I quickly debated what would be more embarassing. Peeing myself, or showing my breasts. Now, you must understand, I don't feel uncomfortable about my body, but apart from some classmates in the locker room while changing for PE and my shower sharing with Laura no one had ever seen my breasts. And since I never had a serious boyfriend, no guy had ever seen them, and there were lots of guys on the beach - including some real cute ones.

But soon my bladder decided for me. I felt another spurt escape, this one significantly longer than the first two. So i finally decided that pissing myself would be much more embarassing than showing my breasts.

Hesitantly - and making sure I made no sudden movements - I got up. I heard the guys next to us whispering: "wow, look at that girl's boobs. She's gorgeous". Which made me feel really exposed. But soon I realised I made a massive mistake, gravity was not my friend and piss started pouring out off me. So there I stood, facing those guys, doing the two things I was trying to avoid so badly; showing my bare breasts and pissing myself. I couldn't believe myself. Why hadn't I decided to just go through my bikini, still laying down? No one would have known what I was doing, nor could anyone see me topless. Fuck! Why didn't I think of this earlier?

"Look, the hottie is pissing herself", I heard the guys say, laughing out loud.

All I wanted to do was dissappear in thin air. Or at least go home. But it looked like Laura was in a coma, she was still sleeping. Instead I put my top back on, and tried to go back to sleep.

I couldn't, I was too emberassedand thinking about my accident. I started thinking about the last time I wet myself, when I was five years old, too busy playing. My mom never made a big deal out of it. After all, I was only five at the time. But what would she think now? Now that I'm 18?

An hour later Laura finally woke up, noticing I was upset she asked what was up. Embarassred I told her what happened and asked if we could go home.

She agreed and we got our stuff and headed to our bikes. We walked by the toilets, and I debated using them as I felt a minor urge. But considering it was only a fifteen minute ride back home I decided I could wait. We got on our bikes and Laura asked if we could paddle fast, she needed to pee but hated using the public bathrooms at the beach. She didn't want to end up like me, wetting her bikini and summer dress she - and I - had put over her bikini.

We cut the fifteen minute ride by five minutes and she invited me to her home. Her parents were on holliday, so she was home alone for the time being. I always keep some spare clothes at her place so I decided I could stay the night and wear those clothes tomorrow. There was one thing though, we both had to pee really bad by the time we got to her place. So bad that I had spurted and - she told me later - so had Laura. As soon as we got off our bikes, we pee pee danced in the seclusion of her backyard. I took two steps untill the floodgates opened.

There I stood, having an accident for the second time in a couple of hours. This time I was soon cheered up though. Laura had burst into laughter seeing me pee myself again, but that caused her to lose control herself.

So there we both stood - two 18 year olds - pissing themselves like a five year old.

It must have been the most embarassing day of my life.

*002*2018-01-19 15:48

{{8 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a great story

}}

Thanks!

*006*2018-01-19 23:07

{{4 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

I enjoyed this story a lot. The thought of her showing her breasts and then peeing herself is hot!

}}

Thank you!

{{4 hours ago, lhansen said:

Special place in my heart for ladies that have peed their swimsuits while lounging on the beach. When I was younger, I used to see it all the time at the beach near my house, but never anymore. What memories though.

}}

Wow. I wish I had encountered ladies like that on the beach!

*009*2018-02-04 12:47

{{5 hours ago, hurts said:

Very nice hot story!

}}

Thanx

*011*2018-02-14 07:38

{{7 hours ago, Wettkitty said:

Great story!

}}

Thank you!

