The Riveter

Author: LadyBael

*000*2022-11-15 20:09

Please be warned, this story takes place during WWII, so there will be certain things within that may offend.

Joyce Ryan lowered her rivet gun as the distinctive sound of the factory’s resident work whistle screeched out. Placing the tool on a small metal shelf, she pulled out a rather dirty rag and swiped at her forehead. Her pale face scrunched slightly as a sharp pain stabbed at her gut, which let out an audible churn, she brought a hand to her stomach in response.

A fellow riveter, Carol McCay, walked over, “You alright, Joyce?”

“Yeah,” Joyce nodded, her red-painted lips forming a smile, “Just haven’t been feeling well today.”

Carol pulled off her snood, allowing her long red hair to hang freely, “Better you than me, I’m going fishing tonight.”

“Off to find another dreamboat, eh?” Joyce teased, wiping her hands, “Carol when are you gonna learn that all of ‘em are either in Europe or on some island fighting the Japs.”

The red-head sniffed, “Some of us have faith.”

“And some of us have husbands,” Joyce replied, chuckling.

Carol shook her head fondly.

By the time Joyce had clocked out and walked out of the factory towards her old jalopy, an ache began to develop within her rear end. As she stepped into the car, another sharp pain stabbed away at her abdomen, and once again her stomach churned, Joyce let out a grunt, shutting the door and sliding the key into ignition. Her face was scrunching again, she untied her blue headscarf, letting her dark brown hair down.

As the riveter pulled out of the lot, the ache in her bottom grew, as if it were trying to force its way, Joyce clamped down on the feeling and slowly it receded. She panted, biting down on her lip, as her stomach churned and gurgled.

“Holy mackerel,” Joyce muttered, a flush rising up on her cheeks.

The fifteen minutes it usually took to get home felt like hours, and all the while Joyce’s stomach continued churning, gurgling, and making other unflattering noises. Another problem that was beginning to reveal itself was a feeling in her bladder, she had to pee, not badly, but she still had to. Every bump, no matter how minute, jostled her down to the core, and caused more sharp pains to stab into her gut.

When she finally reached home, a small two bedroom house in suburbia, her face was red and pinched, and almost constant pains speared their way into her abdomen. As she slowly stood up out of the car, her stomach gurgled and a slightly wet fart slipped out of her tightly clenched bottom. Her blue eyes went wide and she quickly locked the car before stiffly walking up to her front door, fumbling with the keys, Joyce let out a few increasingly wetter farts. The weight in her bowels was nearly unbearable, and the muscles in her rectum were beginning to weaken.

Joyce threw the door open, closing and locking it just as quickly. Turning on the lights, she hobbled towards the bathroom, arms pressed to her stomach. One more fart was all it took, as she was halfway to the bathroom, one wet fart slipped out of her, and it was over. Hot mushy poop sped out with a wet splatter and a series of moist farts, the sticky semi-solid mass filled the seat of her rayon underwear, staining the formerly white material a dirty brown. It took seemingly forever for the flow to stop, as it did Joyce stood there, staring off into space and contemplating what she just did.

“I just shit myself,” She said in a dazed tone.

It was warm, she decided, very warm. There was a wet squelch as Joyce took a step towards the bathroom, she shuddered, with each step the mushy contents of her underwear shifted, sliding across the skin of her ass almost pleasantly. As Joyce stepped into the bathroom, a strange curiosity overtook her, she stepped in front of the full-length mirror next to the toilet and turned around. There was a large bulge in the seat of her blue jeans and two dull brown stains lower down, where mushy diarrhea must have dribbled out of the flared legs of her panties.

Joyce felt her face heat up, and a strange warmth began to pool in her abdomen. With horror, she realized that she was getting turned on! The riveter bit her lip, acknowledging how good the warm mushy poop felt in her underwear.

“Such a n-naughty girl,” Joyce said hesitantly, relishing in how the words sent a pleasant tingle through her pussy.

Quickly unzipping her jeans, she stepped out of the stained pants and began to admire her underwear. They were stained horribly, even the flared legs were stained, and had a huge bulge in their seat. Pressing a hand to the bulge, she moaned as brown liquid flowed down her legs.

Then, eyes widening in realization, she stepped into the bathtub and released. Warmth filled her panties once again, pee flowed out, down her legs, and into her shoes. As the flow stopped, Joyce slid a hand into her underwear and began rubbing her clit, she panted and panted, before her body seized up and her pussy clenched around nothing.

“Goodness,” She sighed, her hips still twitching with the aftershocks of her orgasm. This, was definitely something she would be doing more often.

