Barbara`s wetting experiences

Author: largebio

*000*2017-02-26 13:46

I originally posted this story under "My first attempt at fiction", but being unable to change the title and having expanded to four chapters I can hardly call it my first attempt any longer. So from now on I will continue posting new chapters in this thread. 

CHAPTER 1

An alarm sounds, 7 am, Barbara hits snooze. Thirty minutes later she shoots awake: “Shit, John’s gonna be here in fifteen minutes”, she thinks. She quickly gets out of bed, puts on some clothes, eats some cornflakes and has a glass of water. 

Then she hears a car pull op in front of her house, she quickly runs out and gets in, feeling a twinge in her bladder but nothing bad. She greets John, her modelling agent as Barbara is having her first ever photoshoot today. They drive off to the set, about half an hour’s drive away. 

Half an hour without traffic that is, as they hit it as soon as they pull onto the motorway. But nothing to bad though and they arrive about fifteen minutes later than planned. 

As Barbara walks into the building where the shoot is set she feels her bladder twinging again. Looking around if she sees a bathroom sign, she is greeted by a woman named Julia. 

Julia explains that since Barbara and John arrived a little late she has to get her make-up down right now, reluctantly – noticing her filling bladder – Barbara follows Julia to the make-up room and sits down. 

After ten minutes her make-up and hair are down and Julia leads the way to the dressing rooms. Barbara walks in and notices five pair of jeans she will be wearing for today’s shoot. What she doesn’t see is a toilet. 

Julia informs that she is expected to be changed in two minutes for the shoot to start. A bit sleepy still Barbara quickly gulps down a mug of coffee which stood ready and waiting for her. She immediately regrets it though, feeling her now full bladder. 

Thirty minutes and three pairs of jeans later, Barbara is getting truly desperate. Changing into the fourth pair, she has to pause for a second fighting of her first wave of desperation. “I can’t use my hands, I can’t on stage either”, she thinks. Zipping up the jeans she is relieved though, as this pair is significantly looser fitting as the pair before. 

As the photos are being taken, Barbara does everything in her might not to fidget. She succeeds and heads of to change into the final pair of jeans. Luckily for her these are not too tight either.

A couple minutes later the final round of pictures are being taken, however not without the occasional squirm. “Are you alright?”, Julia asks. “Yes, just a little cold”, Barbara quickly replies to dose of any suspicion of her real plight. 

“Ok, last picture” 

“Thank god”, Barbara whispers to herself. 

Quickly walking off to her changing room, she strips the jeans off. A knock on the door, it’s Julia.

“Barbara, our bikini model didn’t show up, mind posing in these two bikini’s while you’re here?”, Julia asks showing two bikini sets.

“Yeah, no problem, but can I use the bathroom first?” 

“Uhm, John didn’t tell you? This building doesn’t have bathrooms” 

“Oh, well ok then”, Barbara responds coolly. Her mind not so cool however. But she resolves by telling herself that she will be home in an hour, and she can definitely hold another hour.

Changing into the first bikini she is mortified, it’s a size too small and really pressing on her bladder. 

She walks out, but not without fidgeting every minute or two during the shoot. Blaming the increased fidgeting on the even colder surroundings as she as now wearing less clothes. 

Finished with the first bikini she changes into the second, but with the bottom off, she feels another wave coming, quickly grabbing her bare pussy in the privacy of her changing room. 

The wave subsides a she swiftly puts on the second, also very tight, bikini. 

“Forty five more minutes and I’m home. I can do this”, she assures herself. 

Struggling to stay still, the final shoot takes a little longer than expected but eventually they finish. 

She walks off to the changing room for the final time she grabs herself as soon as she’s in there. Fighting of the wave, she dresses in her yoga pants, thanking god she decided to wear those today. 

“Let’s go”, Barbara says to John a s she walks out of her dressing room. 

“Ok”, is John’s simple reply. 

As they hit the motorway again, John strikes up the conversation, complementing Barbara on her brilliance during the photoshoot. 

Barbara isn’t really listening though, as she’s fully concentrating on keeping her bladders content in. 

Fifteen minutes into the drive home Barbara sees no other resolve than grabbing her pussy through her yoga pants. She tried crossing her legs, fidgeting and bouncing her legs but it’s not enough. 

John immediately notices as Barbara grabs herself: ”Are you ok?” 

“Yes, just need a wee really badly. The stupid studio didn’t have bathrooms.” 

“Didn’t I tell you so?” 

“No”, Barbara says a little annoyed. 

“Oh sorry. But don’t worry we’ll be at your hose in ten minutes, you can hold it” 

“Yes, I can”, she says. “No, I can’t”, she thinks.

But ten minutes later as they pull up to her house she is still holding strong, she even managed to get her key out of her purse already.

Barbara opens the car’s door and thanks John for the ride. But as soon as she gets up she feels gravity is not gonna be her friend today and as soon as she is out of the car she puts both her hands on her pussy. John drives off. 

Now alone Barbara feels another wave hit her. She grabs herself even tighter but to no avail. A second or so spurt leaves her urethra and a tear rolls down her cheek. 

“Just a little longer”, she says to herself. 

Waddling to the front door she removes one hand so she can unlock it. 

Another spurt, this one about three seconds long she feels her hand get wet. 

“No, this can’t be happening”, she thinks quickly moving her second hand to her crotch again stopping the flow. 

She manages to open the door and now stands in her hallway. Another spurt, two hands in her crotch, she stops it. For a second, then another spurt and another. 

Now having a dinner size wet spot on her yoga pants, she starts sobbing. She manages to take two steps towards her bathroom as another spurt leaves her. 

This one, though cannot be stopped as small trickle continues leaving her pussy. The trickle turns into a stream and she starts peeing uncontrollably through her pants. 

A minute later the stream finally subsides and Barbara walks off to her bathroom crying. “Thank god I live alone”, she says to herself out loud. 

She takes a quick shower and decides on having an afternoon nap. She steps into her bed naked as she always does. 

An hour later she awakes, desperate to pee again. 

“How can I fill up this quickly”, she thinks. 

However, being so comfy she doesn’t wanna get up. Trying to fall back asleep she succeeds five minutes later. 

She sleeps for another five minutes, she wakes up to a spurt.

“Shit”, she thinks feeling her bedsheets. She quickly realises it was just that one spurt that left her.

But trying to get up is hard, another spurt leaves her.

She manages to stop it after two or so seconds and she sits on the edge of her bed.

But as soon as her feet hit the cold floor the flood gates open she is now full on wetting. First on her bed but she quickly slides off, now splattering all of her pee on her feet and floor. She starts crying again.

After another minute she finishes peeing again, having a lot of cleaning to do.



CHAPTER 2

These were the first two times twenty year old Barbara had wet since she was a young girl and she was extremely embarrassed by it. But the warm wetness also gave her a slight sense of pleasure.

Two weeks after the events she’s scheduled a beach day with her best friend Nina.

After waking up she takes a shower, pees in it and puts her white bikini on. She finds a nice summer dress with some flowers on it and puts it on over her bikini. The doorbell rings, it’s Nina.

Nina is wearing a black bikini which can be seen through her translucent white dress. Barbara walks out with a cooler full of beer and water and the girls start walking to the beach since it’s only fifteen minutes from Barbara’s house.

When they arrive they are delighted by the fact that the beach is quiet, only ten or so other people are there. They put their towels down about ten meters from the high-tide line and start drinking water as it’s a hot day.

Two hours and two bottles of water and a can of beer each later they decide it’s time for a swim.

“Just a sec Nina, I need to use the toilet first”, Barbara says.

“Why? Just go through your bikini in the water. I do it all the time.”

Barbara hesitates for a second and asks: “really?”

“Yeah, really”, comes Nina’s reply. “I even pee on the sand. I don’t care”.

Without a warning Nina stands up, spreads her legs a bit and starts peeing.

“Nina, what the fuck, people can see you”.

“So what, everyone pees at the beach. Just go ahead and do it yourself, too”

Barbara walks off to the water and goes in waste deep. She tries to pee, but never having peed in the ocean before it takes some effort to get started.

“Just relax and let it flow”, Nina says with a smile on her face.

Finally Barbara starts peeing, “Wow, that feels good”.

Half an hour later they exit the water and continue drinking their beers.

Six beers each and two hours later they’re ready to go home for lunch and because the heat is getting unbearable.

“First I need a pee”, Barbara says motioning towards the water.

“Just do it here, like me”, Nina says pointing towards her crotch. The sand around it getting darker.

“I don’t know…”

“Just go, nobody cares”

“Well, okay then”, Barbara pushes a little and her pee starts flowing onto the sand. “It tickles my pussy”.

“Yeah, I know. That’s why I love peeing my bikini”, Nina smiles.

When the girls finish their pee, they head back to Barbara’s home.




CHAPTER 3

The two girls arrived at Barbara’s place and decided to heat up some leftovers for lunch. As they sat down to eat Barbara couldn’t keep her mind off what Nina had said at the beach.

“So you actually like peeing your bikini?”

Nina just smiled and nodded.

“But how did you find out? I mean… when did you learn that… you know… you like the feeling?”

“By accident really”.

“Do tell”, Barbara said. She wondered how she never knew this, especially since she had told Nina all about her accidents two weeks ago.

“It was before I met you, I was fifteen or so. On holiday with my parents and sister in southern France. We had rented a villa adjacent to a small, private beach. It was around 40 degrees, so really hot. So me and my sister were laying at the beach drinking tons of water. My parents were out visiting a small town or something, so it was just me and my sis. At some point I had fallen asleep and when I woke up I seriously had to pee”.

“So you just went in your bikini right there and then?” Barbara interrupted her.

“No, as I said, it was by accident. Let me finish first.”

“Well, go on then”.

“So I walked back to the villa to use the bathroom, but I found my parents had closed the sliding door at the back and locked it for some reason. So instead I walked around to the front door. But it couldn’t be opened without a key, so there I stood locked out. I guessed my parents wouldn’t be back for at least another couple of hours so I headed back to the beach. My sister had just woken up and asked my what’s up. So I explained my predicament and she said “Fuck I need a pee too”.”

Barbara looked at Nina with more and more interest as the she continued telling her story.

“To pass the time I decided to have a swim, but then it happened as soon as my feet hit the water I felt a wave of desperation come over me. The my pee just started pouring out and I couldn’t stop it. My sister noticed and started laughing, I felt so embarrassed. But at the same time it felt good in my pussy. So the next day when I needed to pee I just went in my bikini while swimming and it felt so good again. Now I pee my bikini every time I need to pee when at the beach.”

Barbara laughed, “Yeah it does feel good. I think I’ll just pee my bikini whenever I need to pee from now on, too”.

“Haha, good girl”, Nina said bursting into laughter.

“But how about your sis? Did she make it to the bathroom?”

“Well, since I was only fifteen I felt insecure about my body and wore a bikini even though no stranger could ever see us at that beach. But my sister was eighteen at the time and she felt comfortable sunbathing in the nude.”

“That still doesn’t answer my question”, Barbara interrupted her.

“Just let me finish”, Nina said laughing. “She held it for another hour or so. But then she started complaining that it hurt. Then out of nowhere while lying on the sand she said fuck it and started peeing right there and then not having to worry about her bikini getting wet. She finished with a sigh of relieve and smiled at me. We burst into laughter and that’s it really”.

“Wow that was surprising. Anyway, wanna watch a movie and stay the night? It’s summer holiday anyway so we don’t have to be anywhere tomorrow,” Barbara asked.

“Sure”, was Nina’s simple reply as the two girls started clearing the table.




CHAPTER 4

About half an hour later the girls had finished up the dishes and had set themselves up to watch “Bridesmaids”. They had a big bag of popcorn and a bottle of wine ready. An hour into the two hour and fifteen minute movie Barbara feels a familiar twinge in her bladder, but too focussed on the movie she ignores it.

But the alcohol is helping her fill up quite rapidly and fifteen minutes later she can’t help but start fidgeting slightly.

“Need to pee again?”, Nina asks noticing Barbara.

“Yup”.

“Well you’re not alone, the wine isn’t helping”.

They both smile and continue watching the movie.

During the next half hour both girls increase their fidgeting and eventually Barbara moves one hand towards her private area.

“You know we can pause so you can use the bathroom”, Nina says smiling.

“Nah, just half an hour or so left. I can wait. I don’t like to pause movies”, Barbara says taking another sip of her wine.

“Whatever”, Nina says slightly annoyed. She secretly hoped Barbara would pause so they could both go and pee as Nina herself feels the need to grab herself slightly.

“I can see you’re pretty desperate yourself”, Barbara says motioning towards Nina’s crotch.

Pretending not to hear her, Nina returns her view to the TV.

Twenty minutes of desperation later Barbara suddenly gasps and moves her second to her crotch as well.

“You lost some?”, Nina asks.

“Nearly”.

“The movie’s almost over though”.

“Thank god, I don’t wanna have an accident again”.

A good five minutes later the credits start rolling and both girls get up immediately. Both have both their hands firmly gripped on their crotches.

“You only have one toilet, and since I’m the guest I can go first”, is the first thing Nina says.

“No. I’m way to desperate, hearing you relieving yourself will be too much to handle.”

“I’ll have to race you to the toilet than”.

What ensues most be the slowest race in history as both girls have both hands to their pussies and their legs tightly crossed. Nina however started closer to the bathroom door and thus reaches it first.

She removes one hand to open the door but instantly loses a spurt when she touches the handle.

“Fuck. Not now, just a couple more steps”, she thinks to herself. But even the couple more steps prove to be too much and she starts leaking just in front of the toilet. She quickly hikes her dress and sits down, not bothering to lower her bikini bottoms. She pees for nearly a minute until the stream subsides.

Meanwhile, being a few steps behind Nina, Barbara is losing a spurt with every step she takes. The sound of Nina’s pee hitting the water in the toilet bowl makes her spurts turn into a steady trickle.

She sees no other option than to quickly hop over into the shower. Her dress is already wet from the leaks while both her hands pushed it up against her pussy. She doesn’t even bother hiking it up anymore and releases a torrent of piss through her bikini bottoms and dress right there in the shower.

When the two girls finish peeing, they examine the wetness on their clothes. Both their bikini bottoms are absolutely drenched and so is the lower part of Barbara’s dress. Nina’s dress also shows some signs of wetness from when she lost control before she could hike it up.

“I need a shower”, is Barbara’s conclusion.

“Me too.”

Since Barbara’s shower is quite large and the girls had seen each other naked countless times before, Barbara offered to share. Nina didn’t hesitate to accept. They stripped down and stepped into the shower.

“You know, despite it being a bit embarrassing, it did feel good to my pussy”, Barbara smiles.

“Same here”. They both burst into laughter.

After showering Barbara puts their pissy bikinis and dresses in the washing machine: “wanna borrow some clothes? Or walk around naked?”

Nina didn’t have to think twice: ”Naked it is, but you have to do so too”.

“Sure”, Barbara said laughing.

TO BE CONTINUED

*005*2017-03-09 12:23

Here's another chapter for you guys. Let me know what you think of it. 

CHAPTER 5

Nina is at her high school reunion talking to some old classmates, sipping wine. An hour into the reunion – and four glasses of wine – she starts to feel a slight urge to pee. But not wanting to leave the conversation she ignores it.

She and some classmates are talking about this one teacher mrs. Upton. They remember one time when she asked one student to walk to the janitor to ask for a refill of ink for her marker. Only her high school didn’t have white boards but digital smart boards.

“And then I was trying to explain her the marker just didn’t work, remember?”, Nina tells laughing her ass off.

Half an hour of talking and drinking later Nina feels her bladder twinge again and plans on excusing herself to use the bathroom.

*ding dong* “This is the last round call” *ding dong*

Not wanting to forfeit some free wine she instead walks to the bar for another four glasses of wine for her and the three former classmates she’s talking with.

Ten minutes later Nina’s ready to leave, but first she wants to relieve herself and heads off to where she remembers the bathrooms were.

But the bathrooms aren’t where she remembered they were. As she tries to think of where they actually are she notices a woman around her age.

“Excuse me, do you know where I can find a toilet?”, she asks the woman.

“Just down this corridor to the left”, the woman says, pointing in the direction of the bathrooms.

“Thank you”, Nina says as she heads down the hallway. But five seconds later she realizes something.

“Wait, that was Stella, my old neighbour”, Nina says to herself, “but she never attended this high school, what’s she doing here. Weird.”

Seeing the bathroom door increases Nina’s urge even more and she picks up the pace. She opens the door and opens a stall. There’s no toilet bowl.

“What the hell”, she thinks walking over to the next stall.

“What’s this, empty too?”

Nina thought she would have had the chance to relieve herself by now and her urge skyrockets.

“Fuck it, the sink it is”, and she locks the door, pulls her panties off and climbs on the sink. She hikes her skirt and before she is even well-positioned she releases a torrent of pee.

First she feels relieve, then she feels her bum get wet, then her back too.

She gasps, her eyes open: “Shit, I’m wetting the bed”.

She quickly tries to stop the flow, succeeding after a couple of seconds.

Now fully awake she remembers last night; excessive amounts of alcohol, watching tv, talking with Barbara…

“Oh fuck, Barbara”, she says too loudly.

Awakened by the commotion next to her Barbara – still half asleep – asks: “What’s up?”

“I-I-I w-w-w-wet the b-bed”, Nina says, bursting into tears.

“Don’t worry, it was all the alcohol probably, accidents happen”, Barbara tries to comfort Nina.

“I’m so sorry”, is all Nina can say still crying.

She gets up and heads to the toilet to finish what she started. When she comes back to the bedroom Barbara has already started changing the bedsheets.

“Let me help you”, Nina offers now a bit more relaxed.

“Don’t worry, just go ahead and take a shower. I’ll put on some new bedsheets and join you. It got on me too. Just a little.”

“Seriously? I’m so so so sorry”, Nina says almost bursting into tears again.

“Seriously. But don’t worry, it happens.” Barbara heads over to give Nina a big hug. “It’s allright.”

Nina walks to the shower and steps into it. Both girls were sleeping naked so she doesn’t have to take her clothes off. A minute or two into her shower Barbara joins her.

“All this running water and alcohol is making me need to pee, too”, she says spreading her legs and releasing her own torrent of piss into the shower drain.

“At least you kept the bed dry”, Nina says laughing a bit, seeing Barbara peeing.

“Stop worrying about it, accidents happen”.

TO BE CONTINUED

*007*2017-03-16 07:17

{{8 hours ago, Ktpq said: 

I really enjoyed these chapters can not wait for the next chapters to be out 

}}

{{6 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said: 

This is excellent I can't wait to read what happens next 

}}

Thanks! I hope I can finish the next chapter in a week or two 

*008*2017-03-17 10:08

The next chapter has started to become quite big so I decided to cut it into pieces. Here's the first part as I'm still working on the rest. 

CHAPTER 6 

Three weeks later the girls were ready to go on holiday. Barbara and Nina were going to southern France in the same villa Nina’s family had stayed when first wet her bikini. Nina’s sister Alexis and their common friend Sienna are coming too. Since they are with the four of them plus luggage they are borrowing Barbara’s father’s van so they can all fit in one car. 

It’s Thursday 10 pm, the four girls are leaving so that they will arrive Friday afternoon. The entire trip, including stops for food and fuel is scheduled to take about 16 hours. The first 15 hours are uneventful with regular fuel and food stops. But trouble hits them when they take their last fuel stop, three hours from their destination. 

“I will fuel up, so if you girls go use the bathroom first, I will go afterwards”, Barbara suggests. 

The other three girls agree. 

Nina, who’s driving, pulls over next to a fuel pump and the four girls get out. Barbara starts fuelling up as the other three make their way to the toilets. 

All three of them return together before Barbara even finishes. 

“Wow, that was quick. Three empty stalls?”, she asks. 

“Well, not exactly”, Alexis says. “It’s a disgusting French hole-in-the-ground toilet”. 

“No way I’m using that”, Nina adds. 

“Well, I’m not exactly bursting”, Barbara replies, “let’s get going again. Only three more hours, I can hold it.” 

The others all agree. 

But two and a half hours later, as they exit the highway, all four of them are getting quite desperate. 

“If there’s any place that may have a toilet, can we please pull over? I’m getting quite full”, Sienna states moving one hand to her crotch. 

“Yes please”, Nina answers with a hand on her crotch since five minutes ago. 

Barbara, who’s driving now looks next to her and in the mirror at the three girls. All three of them have one of their hands on their crotches: “At least you can hold yourselves, I’m driving here”, she says with some concern. 

Another twenty minutes go by with the girls getting more and more desperate, but nowhere to pee. 

“Ohhh, I need to go so bad”, Nina says. 

“Stop whining little sis”, Alexis says, “we’re nearly there”. 

“Sat-nav says 10 more minutes”, Barbara says trying to comfort her best friend. 

“Last five minutes are a private road”, Alexis adds. 

Five minutes later Barbara turns her right indicator on and turns onto the private road. 

“Just pull over around that bend, I can’t wait another minute. And nobody can see us there, I’m popping a squat”, Nina says softly, almost crying. 

Barbara does as asked and even before the van has completely come to a stop, Nina opens her door. She gets out and tries unbuttoning her shorts. The first leak escapes but she manages to get her shorts and panties down just before she releases a torrent of piss. 

“Wow, that was close”, she says with a sigh of relieve. 

A minute later her stream subsides, but the sound of pee hitting the ground does not. 

Nina turns around and bursts into laughter. 

“Seeing you peeing made me so much more desperate, I decided to pop a squat too”, Alexis says smiling. 

Sienna and Barbara nod in agreement with their shorts and panties around their ankles. 

When the three girls finish peeing they pull their clothes back up and get in the van first the last five minutes of their journey. 

“I’ve never had to pee so badly in my entire life”, Sienna states, obviously relieved. 

The others just smile at her but don’t say a word. 

TO BE CONTINUED 

*010*2017-03-18 09:41

Here's part two of the still expanding chapter about the girls' holiday. More to come! 

CHAPTER 7

The girls finish unpacking their stuff, they decided Nina and Barbara would share a room and so would Alexis and Sienna.

“I definitely need to work on my tan”, Alexis says pointing out the window towards the private beach. 

“I’ll join you”, Sienna says, “just let me put on my bikini”.

“I’m not wearing one, don’t like tan lines”, Alexis says while taking off her clothes.

“Seriously?”, Sienna – the most conservative of the four – asks.

“Yeah seriously”.

“How about the two of you?”, Sienna asks Barbara and Nina.

“I don’t like tan lines either”, they reply nearly perfectly synchronised. And they also start taking off their clothes.

“Maybe I’ll try topless then”.

“Aww, come on Sien, it’s just the four of us. No one else can see you. Besides you look fine, you don’t have to worry about that”, Alexis says trying to get Sienna to strip down. “Look, the three of us are naked already”.

Sienna starts taking off her shirt and hesitantly unclips her bra. A couple seconds later she takes it off shyly.

“See half way there already”, Nina says.

“And besides, we say your pussy when you squatted to take that pee, remember?”, Barbara adds.

“Well, okay then”, Sienna says as she starts unbuttoning her shorts.

When she has finally removed all her clothes, the four girls make their way to the beach and start tanning.

An hour later Alexis speaks up: “Although I love tanning here, we do need groceries for the week”.

“Yeah, let’s go to the nearby village and buy frozen foods, drinks and loads of alcohol”, Sienna responds.

“Sure, but first let me take care of this”, Nina says standing up. She spreads her legs and starts peeing: “Whenever I’ve been desperate I need to go two hours later again”.

“What the actual fuck”, Sienna exclaims. “Is this…”, ‘normal’ she wants to add. But looking over at Alexis she sees her doing the same thing. “Aww, and you too, Barbara?”

“Sorry, I just needed to.”

When the three girls are finished they head to the villa. Sienna heads for the toilet and pees there. The four girls put a bikini and summer dress on and start making their way towards the village.

They buy a week’s worth of frozen foods, soft drinks, milk, juice and most importantly loads of alcohol. Then they start heading back.

Sienna has been thinking about her friends peeing on the beach and can’t help but speak up.

“You know, that was pretty gross, you three. Peeing in the sand”.

“Why? It’s sterile and natural. I mean everybody pees. And with this heat it evaporates in minutes”, Nina responds.

“Yeah, who cares?”, Barbara adds.

“Well, I do”, Sienna thinks, but she keeps quiet.

“Actually”, Alexis says, “I’ve been thinking about it. Let’s agree to not use the toilet except for number twos”.

Both Barbara and Nina happily agree. They look over at Sienna with puppy eyes: “Pleaaaase?” they plead.

“Well, okay then. But only because you’re my besties”, Sienna gives in.

“It’s gonna be an interesting week”, Alexis thinks to herself smiling.

TO BE CONTINUED

*012*2017-03-20 13:17

This is what happened during their first night in the villa. More still to come! 

CHAPTER 8

The rest of the day was spent on the beach until it was time for dinner. Barbara was in charge of cooking, or better defrosting the frozen meals.

While eating her food on the plastic lounging chairs on the patio Barbara heard a familiar sound. It was a spattering sound; Nina was peeing and her pee was flowing through the slits in the chair onto the ground. The girls laughed it off.

The rest of the evening was spend watching movies and playing games and when one of the girls needed to pee, she would go outside and pee there. Keep in mind that the girls liked to walk around naked so their clothes wouldn’t get wet.

Things were getting more interesting when bedtime approached. Alexis and Sienna are sharing a double.

“Why did you bring a suitcase full of clothes, if you were planning on being naked all the time”, Sienna asks.

“Well, I wasn’t exactly sure if you girls were fine with it. So I brought them just in case.”

“You even got me walking around nude…”, Sienna smiles.

The girls fall asleep a little later, but around 4 o’clock Sienna wakes up.

“Better head to the toilet real quick”, she thinks to herself, realising she woke up because she really needs to pee.

“Where are you going?”, she hears being whispered to her.

“Toilet. Really need to pee.”

“Forgot about our deal?”

Sienna did indeed forget about the deal the girls made and quickly lays back down in bed: “why are you awake?”

“Same reason as you, I really need to pee”, Alexis responds. “Just thinking about where I should go”.

“We could quickly go outside”, Sienna suggests.

“Or just wet the bed, the mattresses have protective covers. I checked. Besides, I don’t feel like getting up.”

“But I’ve never wet the bed since I was a toddler.”

“Neither have I, but going outside might wake the others”, Alexis says as she relaxes trying to get the flow starting.

Five seconds later Sienna hears a hissing: “You’re actually wetting the bed? That’s disgusting”.

“Well, a girl’s gotta do what a girl’s gotta do, right?”, Alexis smiles now fully relaxing her bladder.

When she’s finished she sees Sienna getting up again: “What are you doing? You’re not going to the toilet, are you?”

“No, but I’m not wetting the bed either”, Sienna spreads here legs and releases her own torrent of piss. But she quickly tightens her sphincter as she realises the spattering is really loud.

“There’s some spare pillows in the closet, use those to muffle the sound”, Alexis suggests.

Reluctantly, seeing no other option, Sienna agrees. She pees for a good 45 seconds a gets back to bed. “How are you gonna sleep in a wet bed?”, she asks Alexis.

“I didn’t think that through”, Alexis says a little ashamed. “We’ll see, I guess.”

Meanwhile in the other room Barbara is woken by a soft hissing sound. She quickly clenches her muscles and moves her hand to her privates.

“I’m dry”, she says to herself slightly surprised. However, the hissing hasn’t subsided.

“Nin, Nin, Nina. Wake up! You’re wetting the bed again”, Barbara whispers to the person next to her.

“Huh, what?”

“You’re peeing”.

“Huh, oh for fuck’s sake”, Nina says now fully awake. She feels some tears coming up but fights them of. Moreover, she manages to stop the stream. “Not again”.

“Don’t worry, it happens. The alcohol again I guess”, are Barbara’s comforting words. “Just finish what you started, you can’t use the toilet remember?”

“You sure?”

Barbara nods and Nina releases her muscles again finishing her pee.

“You don’t need to go?”, she then asks Barbara.

“I’m bursting actually. Especially after seeing you pee”.

What Barbara does next though, stuns Nina. Barbara gets up to her knees with her legs spread. “Here it comes”, she announces and a gushing 30 second pee ensues.

“Wow, you did not just do that, did you?”, Nina asks still surprised.

“I sure as hell did”. Barbara laughs and Nina soon follows.

Barbara lays back down and being exhausted both girls are vast asleep again in matter of minutes.

The next morning, when all four girls are in the living room, Alexis asks how Nina and Barbara have slept.

“Fine”, Nina says.

“Just fine?”, Alexis asks, “then why do you smell of pee?”

Nina turns bright red, her sister caught her.

“You peed your bed didn’t you?”

Nina just nods shamefully.

“Well, you’re not alone”, Alexis says to Nina’s surprise.

The girls then each tell their story off how they relieved themselves in the middle of the night.

TO BE CONTINUED

*014*2017-03-23 11:03


The next chapter involves something I would love to be a part of someday. Enjoy! 

CHAPTER 9 

The rest of the day was quite uneventful, whenever the girls felt the need to pee while outside they would pee wherever they were, whenever they were inside they’d quickly go outside to pee there. But while having dinner Nina felt the need to spice things up a bit. 

“Girls, let’s have a pee holding contest tonight”. 

Barbara and Alexis happily agreed and after so pleading looks from the three so did Sienna. 

“Ok so after dinner we all go pee to make it fair”, Nina continued. 

“And to make it completely fair we all drink the same amount of liquids”, Barbara adds. 

The girls quickly finish their dinners and empty their bladders on the patio. They decide to start their contest on the beach. The first bottle of beer goes down quickly and so do the second and third. 

“Who’s ready for some shots?”, Barbara asks grabbing a bottle of vodka from the cooler they brought for the drinks. 

“Sure!”, the others exclaimed. 

“I’ll go grab some shot glasses”, Sienna says. 

“Already thought of that”, Barbara says as she retrieves four shot glasses from the cooler. 

The girls down their shots and grab another bottle of beer each. 

When they finish their bottles they’re an hour and a half into the challenge and Sienna is the first to show the signs of needing to pee. 

“Did I just see you wriggle a bit?”, Alexis asks her. 

Sienna shamefully smiles but keeps quiet. 

“Ready for another round?”, Barbara asks. 

“Sure”, Nina replies confidently. 

She and Barbara quickly down their beers. Alexis soon finishes hers too, but Sienna takes some more time to finish hers. 

“Come on drink faster”, Nina tells her. 

“I don’t wanna”, Sienna replies slightly worried about her growing need to pee. 

“Why not? Getting desperate? I can hold for ages”, Barbara says teasingly. 

“Hmm, hmm”, is all Sienna says. 

It takes her another five minutes to finish her beer, but as soon as she has Alexis speaks up. 

“Let’s switch to water.” 

“Why?”, Nina asks. 

“I don’t wanna get too wasted”, Alexis lies. Since the bottles of water are bigger she hopes it will make Sienna pee earlier. 

“Well okay then”, Barbara says handing each girl a bottle. 

But before finishing her bottle Sienna starts to squirm constantly and by the time she has finished it she can’t stay still. Alexis herself is also getting fidgety whilst Barbara and Nina have shown no signs of desperation yet. 

“Getting desperate sis?”, Nina asks Alexis. 

“Not too bad”, Alexis replies clearly lying. 

Meanwhile Sienna has resorted to moving her free hand towards her pussy. 

“At least not as bad as her”, Alexis adds noticing Sienna. 

“Let’s take another round of shots”, Barbara says while already pouring. 

Squirming so much, Sienna struggles to down it, but eventually succeeds. 

Five minutes later Nina and Barbara also start getting a little fidgety. 

“Finally, I thought you girls were cheating, still not having to pee”, Sienna says worriedly. 

“Haha, just have a big bladder I guess”, Nina smiles. 

“I guess so”, Sienna says. 

Nina proceeds by saying she’s thirsty again and Barbara hands everyone another beer. 

After two tiny sips, Sienna suddenly gets up. 

“Here hold my beer”, she says to Alexis who’s sitting next to her. 

“Why?”, Alexis asks, taking Sienna bottle. 

But Sienna doesn’t even need to answer, as soon as her hand is free she moves it to the other hand which was still tight on her bare pussy. She then starts to do a full on pee-pee dance. 

“Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck. I need to go so bad. I can’t hold it”, she screams while dancing. Suddenly she freezes: “Oh no, oh no”. 

“You lost some”, Alexis asks. 

“Just a squirt, but I can’t hold on much…. Oooooooooh no”, she exclaims. Another spurt has left her aching pussy wetting both her hands. 

Two seconds later another spurt, this one she can’t stop though: “Guess I lost”, she says while slowly relaxing her muscles. What ensues is a good minute of peeing ending with a sigh of relief. 

The other girls laugh, but seeing Sienna pee isn’t exactly helping their situations and Alexis is next in fidgeting constantly. 

“Wow sis, I guess you’re next”, Nina says laughing at her sister’s desperation. 

“No way!”, she says determinedly, “I can outlast you”. 

“Yeah right”, Nina says while squirming herself. 

The girls then finish their bottles of beer and start on a bottle of water. By the time it’s finished Sienna gets up again. 

“I guess the seal’s broken. I need to go again”, and she spreads her legs and pees for another thirty seconds. 

The hissing and sight of relief is too much for Alexis to handle as a tiny squirt leaves her. She quickly tightens her muscles and grabs her pussy with both hands. 

“Wow sis, sure you can outlast me. Looks like you lost some there”. 

“No, I did not!”, Alexis lies. 

“Here have another round of beer”, Barbara says handing out a bottle to Alexis and Nina. Sienna – having lost already – declines this round. 

Alexis removes one hand to accept the bottle, but instantly another spurt leaves her. Clenching her muscles even tighter she manages to stop it. 

“Oh no”, she whispers a minute or two later. 

“What’s it, sis? Can’t hold it?” 

“Yes I…..” 

Hissssss. 

“Can, you wanna say?”, Nina laughs, “then what’s that hissing I hear”. 

“I… I’m peeing”, Alexis shamefully admits. 

“Guess I beat you then sis”. 

Alexis can’t even be bothered to get up and finishes her pee while sitting down. Her pee lasts well over a minute. 

Barbara and Nina each take another bottle of water and finish it over the course of fifteen minutes. Both of them can’t resist constantly fidgeting by that time. 

“Another beer Nina?”, Barbara asks. 

“Why don’t we all have one and chug it”, Alexis suggests. 

Hesitantly Nina and Barbara agree. They all start drinking but about halfway through both girls still in the contest grab themselves with their free hands. 

“Were getting close to the end of it”, Sienna says smiling at Alexis. 

“Let’s help them a bit”, Alexis says standing up. She spreads her legs and starts peeing again. Sienna soon follows. 

Now having finished chugging, both Barbara and Nina use their second hand as well. 

“I’m gonna win this”, Nina says. 

“No, you’re not”, Barbara replies. 

It takes another minute before Nina stands up and starts pee-pee dancing. But it’s Barbara who loses he first spurt. 

“Oh no”, she says. She clenches her muscles even tighter and manages to stop it. 

Then Nina loses a spurt, she also tries to stop it. But to no avail. The spurt turns into a trickle and seeing the hopelessness of the situation she gives in. 

“Congrats Barbs, you win”, Nina says with a sigh of relieve as she continues emptying her bladder. 

“Thanks”, Barbara says while removing her hands from her crotch. And while still sitting down she relaxes her muscles and starts her minute and a half of pure relief. 

“Wow, you must have the largest bladder in history”, Sienna jokes. 

The girls then decide it’s time to head off to bed to end this eventful evening. 

CHAPTER 10 

The next morning all four girls woke up in a wet bed, the combination of having broken the seal, still filling up and alcohol made them wet the bed. Nina had once again peed in her sleep and so had her older sister. 

This time Sienna couldn’t be bothered to get up and decided to just let it flow while lying in bed while awake. Barbara had done the same as she had the night before. 

Overnight, storm clouds had accumulated on the coast and it was now raining cats and dogs. 

“Guess we’ll have to stay inside today, weather forecast isn’t too great”, Barbara says scrolling her phone. “Tomorrow’s gonna be just like yesterday though.” 

“Good thing we brought books and games then”, Sienna replies. 

The girls finish their breakfast consisting of bread, bacon and eggs to help them deal with their hangovers along with hefty amounts of juice and coffee. 

“I’m gonna have a shower to wash the stickiness from my pee off”, Nina announces. Actually she is feeling quite full again and is using the shower as excuse to relieve herself. 

“Sure. I’m going after you”, Sienna says feeling her own need grow. She’s already on her fourth cup of coffee after also having three glasses of juice. Actually, a second later she squirms. 

Nina turns the shower on and as soon as she steps under it releases her flow. The takes a ten minute shower to properly clean and proceeds by drying off. 

Meanwhile, in the living room the other three girls each admit they need to pee. 

“But no way I’m going outside in this weather”, Alexis says. 

By the time Nina comes out of the bathroom Sienna can’t even sit still anymore and she quickly jumps up. She opens the bathroom door and locks it behind her. She turns on the shower but the sound of running water makes her pee before she can even get under it. 

Her pee hits the floor and she quickly jumps in to make sure her pee goes down the drain. She too takes a ten minute shower before drying off. 

“I’m next”, Barbara says squirming. 

Not much later she and Alexis feel the need to grab themselves again. 

“Don’t you need to go sis”, Alexis asks Nina. 

“Nope. What do you think I did while showering?”, she asks. 

“Well yeah, I could have figured”, Alexis replies. 

Finally Sienna appears from the bathroom and Barbara runs in. Not even bothering to close the door or turning on the shower Barbara pops in and releases her flow. 

“Wanna pee too, before I shower”, she screams towards Alexis. 

“No, I can hold it until it’s my turn. But thanks anyways.” 

Fifteen minutes later the water’s still running. But the loudest sound that can be heard is Alexis’ right foot constantly tapping in an effort to hold back the golden liquid that’s dying to escape. 

“What’s taking her so long?”, she desperately asks. “I can’t hold anymore, I’ll go in the sink.” 

She removes one of her hands from her aching pussy to stand up. But as soon as she does she loses control. 

“Oh no, just a couple more seconds”, she says tears welling up in her eyes. “Apart from last night I’ve never involuntarily lost control and that was in a competition. I’m not gonna have a real accident”, she says to herself in an effort to make it to the bathroom sink. 

But the spurt that left her as soon as she had removed her hand has turned into a trickle. And as soon as she attempts to stand up the trickle turns into a stream. 

“Oh my fucking god, this can’t be happening”, she cries. 

But she can’t stop the stream and a puddle is now forming on the couch she was sitting on, soon it overflows forming a waterfall to the ground. 

“Don’t worry, it happens. Accidents happen. Don’t cry sis”, Nina tries to comfort Alexis. “We’ll clean it up and no one ever has to know apart from us”. 

By the time the girls are almost finished cleaning Barbara appears from the bathroom instantly realising what has happened. “I’m so sorry I took too long”, she says while hugging Alexis. “Now go have a shower and clean yourself up. Again, I’m so sorry”. 

“Don’t worry about it. After all I declined you offer to pee before”, Alexis tells her. 

When Alexis is done showering the girls decide to play a game of monopoly. 

TO BE CONTINUED 

*016*2017-03-23 15:49

{{3 hours ago, Ktpq said: 

Nice chapters i can also relate to wanting to see that happen 

}}

{{1 hour ago, Bellatrix1 said: 

What awesome chapters 

}}

Thank you! 

*018*2017-03-24 11:22

CHAPTER 11 

The game has now been going on for four hours, Sienna and Barbara have already gone bankrupt but neither Nina nor Alexis want to lose the sisterly rivalry that’s going on now. 

“That will be 1500 euros”, Alexis says happily. 

“I can easily pay that”, Nina smiles arrogantly. 

This goes on for another half hour or so until Nina uncontrollably fidgets. 

“Need to pee li’l sis?” 

“No, just a bit cold”. 

“Okay then”. 

But in truth Nina did need to pee, and kinda badly too. Meanwhile Barbara and Sienna had relieved themselves in the shower since they weren’t playing anymore. 

Fifteen minutes of status quo later Nina fidgets again. 

“You can use the shower like we did, you know”, Barbara suggests. 

“Yeah right, and then Alex quickly grabs some cash from the bank”, Nina says knowing her sister all too well. “I’m finishing her off first”. 

“You mean I’m finishing you off”, Alexis replies competitively. 

But the need to pee is now starting to distract Nina as she starts fidgeting more and more. 

“Hisss, sshhhh”, Alexis starts taunting her sister. 

“Just shut up, will you?” 

“Hisss”, Alexis laughs. 

“Well fuck you”. 

As Alexis rolls the dice she hears a weird noise, she looks under the table and is stunned by surprise. 

“A-Are you peeing?” 

“Well obviously I am. I didn’t want to leave the game so you could cheat, but the need was distracting me too much. So I decided to just let it flow”. 

“That’s nasty”, Barbara laughs. 

“Just make sure the puddle doesn’t reach my feet”, Alexis says still surprised. 

“Can’t promise that! By the way you owe me 120 euros”, Nina says continuing the game while still peeing. 

“Here you go”, Alexis says with a sigh of relief. 

“Why do you sound relieved if you have to pay me?” 

“That’s not what I’m relieved about.” 

Nina’s surprised, also she has finished her pee. But the splattering sound hasn’t stopped. 

“You’re peeing too, aren’t you?”, Nina says bursting into laughter. 

“Well yeah, I was quite feeling the need, so I decided to follow you lead.” 

“That’s gonna be a lot of cleaning up you two gotta do”, Sienna says. 

“Yeah. But first let’s finish this game”, Nina replies. 

TO BE CONTINUED 

*019*2017-03-24 12:45

{{12 minutes ago, Ktpq said: 

Nice chapter keep em comeing 

}}

Thanks! Sure will 

*021*2017-03-30 09:13

Chapter 12 is based on my favourite lovewetting.com video. Chapter 13 is the final part of the huge holiday chapter. Enjoy! 

CHAPTER 12 

When the game of monopoly had ended, the downpour outside still hadn’t. They had lunch and are now on to a game of twister. 

“Left hand on blue, Barbara”, Sienna says being the spinner this round. 

Barbara does as she’s ordered and now it’s Nina’s turn. 

“Right foot on yellow”. 

Nina moves her foot: “Can we stop for a bathroom break, I kinda need to pee again”. 

“No, unless you wanna lose”, Barbara tells her fidgeting herself. 

“You need to go too?”, Nina asks seeing Barbara fidgeting. 

Barbara nods. 

“Well that makes three of us”, Alexis adds. 

Three rounds later Barbara has her left foot on red and her right foot on green, so her legs are spread to the max. She is ordered to put her left hand on red as well. But fidgeting she almost falls over: “Oh, god! I need to go so bad. I need to grab myself”. 

“Don’t, or you lose”, Nina bugs her. 

Not wanting to lose, Barbara tightens her whole body to prevent leakage and succeeds. 

“Nina, left foot on yellow”. 

Nina does as instructed, but as she puts her hand down she hears a splatter. 

“Oh fuck! Oh no!”, Barbara screams. She manages to stop the leakage after a couple of seconds. “I’m fine again”, she then says. 

“Alexis, left foot on blue”. 

Alexis happily does so as her right foot is on yellow it allows her to press her thighs together. 

“Barbara, left hand on blue”. 

This forces Barbara to lean over in such a way it puts more pressure on her bladder. Too much pressure that is and she loses control again. 

“Oh no! I can’t stop it”, she exclaims feeling the trickle turn into a stream. “Fuck!” She then decides trying to stop the flow won’t work and pees her heart out until her bladder’s empty. 

“Hey, that’s gross, it’s making my hand and feet wet!” Nina says. 

“Well you can always step off the mat, but that does mean you lose”, Barbara responds now fully relieved. 

“No way!” 

“Nina, right foot on blue”. 

Nina lifts up her right leg and puts it down, but the now wet mat has become slippery and Nina slips and falls on her bum. 

“Guess you lose”, Alexis laughs, “good thing you have a nice round ass though. Helps softening the fall”. 

It indeed has, but the impact on the ground has caused her to lose control of her bladder and Nina is now full on pissing. 

“Awww, my little sis couldn’t hold it again”, Alexis laughs. 

Defeated, Nina gets up and steps off the mat. All while still peeing. 

“Wow, all this peeing is making me desperate too”, Sienna says. She spreads her legs a little and relaxes. Her pee starts flowing out while she spins again. “Alexis, left foot on blue”. 

“It already is”, Alexis smiles. 

“Barbara, right foot on yellow”, Sienna says while her stream has turned into a small trickle. 

“Aye aye, ma’am”, she says. 

Another five turns each later the game is still undecided. “Alexis, right hand on green”. 

Alexis does as she is ordered, but a second after she put her hand down a wave of desperation hits her. She starts tapping her right foot heavily. 

“Barbara, left foot on green”. 

Barbara does so with Alexis still tapping her foot, now faster and faster. 

“Alexis, right foot on green as well”. Now having to stop tapping to move her foot, she feels her pee running down her urethra. Instinctively, she grabs her pussy with her right hand, but Barbara notices. 

“Ha, your hand is off, I win”, she says. 

Nina and Sienna nod in agreement. 

Meanwhile, grabbing herself was to no avail and Alexis is now also peeing. 

“Guess my big sis couldn’t hold it again”, Nina says mimicking Alexis from earlier. 

“At least I held it the longest”, Alexis replies with a sigh of relief. 

It take a minute for her to finish: “Hey, we’re not the only ones who stopped pissing, God did as well”, she says pointing out the window. 

Finally, the rain outside has stopped and even the sun can be vaguely seen through the clouds. 

“Let’s get this mess cleaned up and then go outside, where we can pee without having to clean up”, Barbara laughs. 

CHAPTER 13 

Their third night in the villa the girls again peed their beds, the next morning the weather was beautiful again, putting the girls in a good mood. 

“Today’s another beach day I guess?”, Nina asks while the girls are cleaning up after breakfast. The three others immediately agree. 

“I’m not gonna bother taking a shower, I’ll just swim for a bit”, Nina says. The others agree and they head outside. 

The second they’re outside Alexis starts peeing while still walking towards the beach. “Sorry ‘bout that, it’s pretty urgent”, she laughs. 

The rest of the day is spent on the beach or in the sea, the girls peeing whenever they fancy. They only go inside to make lunch and dinner and go to bed. 

The final three days are also spent like this and every night all four girls wet their beds. 

The last evening the girls thoroughly clean the villa, especially their bedrooms and when finished head back outside. 

“You know, now that our bedrooms are clean, we can’t really pee there anymore, can we?”, Sienna says. 

“You’re right, so why don’t we sleep on the beach?”, Barbara suggests. They all agree. 

The next morning the girls shower, eat breakfast and for the first time in a week put on some clothes. Then they put their suitcases in the van and start their long journey back to the Netherlands. 

Barely an hour into the trip Barbara feels a familiar twinge in her bladder: “Can we pull over soon, I need to pee.” 

“Already?”, Nina, who’s driving, asks. 

“Well, peeing whenever I felt the slightest urge the last four days hasn’t helped my holding ability”, Barbara replies. 

“Same here”, Alexis adds. 

Half an hour later there’s still no rest stop in sight. 

“Oh my god, I need to go so bad!”, Barbara screams, grabbing herself with two hands. “I can’t wet my father’s car”. 

“That sign says there’s a rest stop in five kilometres”, Nina says, “you can hold for another couple minutes, can you?” 

“I hope so”. 

Three minutes later Nina parks the car and Barbara jumps out. With two hands still firmly pressed against her girlhood she waddles over to the bathroom building. She tries to open the door to the women’s toilet, but it’s locked. 

“Une minute, s’il vous plait”, she hears a woman say from the other side of the door. 

But a minute will be too long, Barbara hikes her skirt and pulls down her panties. She pops to a squat and releases a torrent of piss even before she is well positioned getting her underwear wet. 

“Oh my lord”, Alexis says coming around the corner with a hand up her crotch herself. 

“I couldn’t wait a second longer and it’s occupied”. 

Thirty seconds later the French woman appears from the bathroom, weirdly glancing over at Barbara and Alexis. The latter quickly moving into the bathroom. 

By now Sienna and Nina have also made their way to the bathroom. 

“Couldn’t make it?”, Nina asks. 

“No, there was a woman in there, but at least my skirt’s dry”, Barbara says as she is taking off her panties, “I’ll go commando the rest of the way”. 

Alexis emerges from the toilet and says: “it’s a typical hole-in-the-ground”. 

“At least that means we can share”, Nina says to Sienna and they both make their way into the toilet. 

“Kept your underwear dry”, Barbara asks Alexis. 

“Barely, but yes, completely dry”. 

Not much later Sienna and Nina reappear from the bathroom and not being as desperate as the other two they managed to keep their undergarments dry easily. 

“From now on, let’s stop every hour so we keep the car dry”, Barbara says. 

And so it goes, the girls stop and relieve themselves every time. But in France they have dozens of rest stops, in Belgium not so much. And when they are on the Brussels ring road they hit traffic. An accident has happened five kilometres up the road and the traffic is being diverted over the shoulder. It takes the girls two hours to complete the five kilometre stretch. 

“Thank god we’re past that”, Nina says, “now let’s stop at the nearest stop”. 

But an hour later the girls have not past one yet and all four of them, including driver Barbara are fidgeting in their seats. 

“We need to pull over somewhere”, Barbara says, “I can’t focus on driving right now. I’m taking the next exit and we’ll look for a toilet in the first village we reach.” 

“Yes please”, Nina says bouncing in her seat. 

As promised Barbara takes the exit they reach ten kilometres further: “Next town is fifteen kilometres from here”. 

Nina, Alexis and Sienna have once again resorted to holding themselves with both their hands. 

“Oh my god I need to go so bad”, Nina says. 

“Stop whining, I have to hold without my hands”, Barbara says slightly annoyed. “Oh no, oh no, oh no”. 

“What’s it?”, Sienna asks. 

“I lost some. I can’t hold it anymore, oh no, I can’t wet my father’s seat”. 

“Hissss”. 

“Oh fuck, I’m peeing, I can’t hold back”, Barbara starts crying. 

She sees a bus stop located next to a side road a pulls over, but the damage is done. A waterfall is cascading down the driver’s seat and Barbara is crying. 

“My dad’s gonna kill me”. 

Nina seeing that she won’t hold until they reach the village opens the passenger door and hikes her skirt and starts peeing through her undies. Sienna and Alexis soon follow her lead. All three of them take off their wet panties when they’re done but are relieved they managed to keep their seats and skirts dry. 

Then Nina heads over to her best friend who shyly climbed ou of the car. “Come on Barbi, remember what you told me when I had those night time accidents?” 

“Accidents?”, Alexis interrupts her, “as in more than one?” 

“Yeah I wet Barbara’s bed last month, but that doesn’t matter now, does it” Nina angrily replies. “Accidents happen”, she then tells Barbara soothingly, “accidents happen Barbi”. 

“Well yeah, but you didn’t ruin your dad’s car, did you? He’s gonna kill me”. 

“Hey accidents happen okay. I’ll put a towel on it, drive the last stretch and then when we’re home we’ll wash it with some water. Your pee was so clear it will hardly smell. It’s gonna be fine. Trust me”. 

Nina drives the last hour and a half until they reach Barbara’s home where they will all sleep tonight. They unpack the car and clean the driver’s seat. 

“You see, no smell at all”, Nina says to a still shocked Barbara. 

TO BE CONTINUED 

*022*2017-03-30 14:58

{{1 hour ago, Ktpq said: 

Amazing chapters and nice cliffhanger cant wait for the rest 

}}

Thanks! 

*023*2017-03-31 11:15

The girl's first night back in Holland. Enjoy! 

CHAPTER 14 

The girls are very tired from the overnight drive and head off to bed early. Nina and Alexis share Barbara’s double bed, while Sienna put an air mattress in the living room next to the couch where Barbara’s sleeping. 

It’s a couple hours past midnight when Nina wakes up, she feels her bladder’s very full again and relaxes her muscles. She pees for nearly a minute and quickly dozes off again. 


At the same time, Barbara’s having a dream about their drive back home. This time she’s not wearing a skirt but light grey leggings. She is driving on the same road as where she wet herself, bouncing in her seat barely able to keep the van under control. A spurt escapes forming a wet spot on her leggings. 

“Looks like you’re wetting yourself”, Nina tells her. 

“Just one spurt… I’ll be fine”. 

But right when she says so, she feels another spurt escape. Followed by a slow stream. After five seconds she manages to stop it. The she spots it: A bathroom, right in the middle of nowhere. 

“I’m going first”, she announces, pulling up right next to the door. 

She walks in and screams: “You’re in luck girls, it’s four stalls”. 

Another spurt escapes and being in a hurry she doesn’t bother closing the stall door, pulls down her leggings and underwear and starts peeing before she is seated, getting the seat wet. 

“Finally”, she says with a sigh of relief. 

Here dream ends there. 

In the bedroom, Alexis is having a similar dream. The girls have just taken the exit and are driving the country road. All four girls are dying for a pee, but Alexis herself seems to be in the worst position. 

She is grabbing herself with both hands, but to no avail. Pee comes out of here tired pussy, not just a spurt but an entire waterfall right from the very get go for an entire minute. But she feels absolutely no relief. 

“See that bus stop there?”, she points out the window, “stop there so I can finish my pee there”. 

Barbara does as asked and Alexis gets out, hikes her skirt and continues peeing through her already wet panties. Again, no relief. 

Then she shoots awake, realising she’s not on holiday anymore but in Barbara’s bed, she feels the bedding around her. 

“Pfeew, it’s dry”, she thinks to herself. 

She gets up and with both hands grabbing her bare pussy, she runs to the bathroom. She positions herself on the toilet and releases her flow. Finally she feels the relief she didn’t feel in her dream. 

When she returns to the bedroom she smells a faint hint of pee. She decides to re-inspect the bedding and indeed it’s dry. 

“Hmmm, weird”, she thinks, but when she looks over to her sister, she realises where the smell is coming from: “Nin, Nin, wake up you wet Barbi’s bed”. 

Half waking up, Nina says: “Yeah, I know, I did it on purpose, just like you”. 

“Just like me? We’re not in France anymore!” 

“Oh fuck!”, Nina screams now wide awake, “I forgot. I..I.. woke up with an ur…urge to pee, so I let loose. Oh god, how am I gonna explain this to Barbi?” 

“Well, if I understand correctly this isn’t the first time you wet her bed”. 

“Yeah, but that was an accident, I was drunk and dreaming”. 

“Maybe she’ll understand”. 

“I hope so, but now I wanna sleep, I’ll tell her in the morning”. 

A couple hours later Barbara wakes up, it isn’t long until she realises she wet while sleeping. 

“What am I, a baby? That’s my third accident in 24 hours”, she thinks to herself. 

She heads to her bathroom to grab some towels to clean the mess. She dries the couch, but the commotion is enough to wake Sienna. 

“What’s up?”, she asks. 

“I had a pee dream”, Barbara replies. 

“Oh I see”, Sienna says as she gets up. “I’m gonna use the bathroom real quick, or there’ll be another puddle to clean up”. 

Sienna quickly walks to the bathroom and pees. Barbara follows her and quickly takes a shower, she then walks to her bedroom to get some clothes to put on. 

“Why does it smell like pee?”, she asks the sisters who were awoken by the sound of the shower. 

“Well, you see, I woke up in the middle of the night, and I didn’t realise we weren’t on holiday any…”, Nina answers. 

“I get it, you just let loose. It’s okay. You’re not the only one who woke up with a wet bum”, Barbara interrupts her. “Go take a shower, I’ll clean the bed”. 

“Looks like we’re the only two grown-ups who know how to use a toilet”, Alexis smiles to Sienna who just entered the bedroom as well. 

TO BE CONTINUED 

*025*2017-04-06 10:19

Here's another two chapters for you guys. Please enjoy! 

CHAPTER 15 

The girls cleaned their mess and had breakfast. 

“Allright, girls let’s get you home”, Barbara says. 

The girls put their suitcases back in the van and drive to Sienna’s home, Alexis and Nina are next. 

“Bye girls!”, Barbara waves as the sister enter their shared house. 

Then Barbara drives of to her parent’s house. “I hope they can’t smell the pee, there’s no stain, but the smell, I’m not sure about it”, she mumbles to herself. 

She parks the car, gets out and rings the doorbell. Her mum answers. 

“Hey sweety, come in. Tell us about your holiday”. 

Barbara tells about her holiday for about fifteen minutes and conveniently forgets to tell about the girls’ peeing experiences. 

“All right, sounds you four had an amazing time”, her father concludes. “Your mom and I need to get some groceries, shall we drop you off at your place?” 

“Yes, please”, she says. They make their way to the van with Barbara doing everything she can to hide her nervousness. 

Her father inspects the car: “Seems like you didn’t have an accident”. 

Barbara nervously smiles stating she and her friends are excellent drivers. 

Then her father crawls behind the wheel, while her mother sits down on the passenger seat. 

Her father looks down at the driver’s seat. 

“Oh, no”, Barbara thinks to herself. 

Then her father readjusts the seat, much to Barbara’s relief. 

Her parents drop her off, and Barbara enters her house. The first thing she does is texting her friends that her parents had no idea about the wetting, or at least didn’t mention it. 

A week has gone by and Barbara is sitting on her couch watching TV, the Dutch summer has kicked in and the weather is dreadful. She hears sirens in the distance. Then she hears sirens come closer, then they stop. 

She gets up and looks out her window, it’s the fire department, but there’s no fire. On the contrary. 

“Ding dong” 

Barbara answers the door: “Hello ma’am”, a young police officer says, “as you can see the water main’s burst”. 

Barbara looks over the officer’s shoulder noticing the entire street is flooded. 

“This means you can’t use anything that requires water”. 

“Including the toilet?” 

“Including the toilet”. 

“Ok, thanks”. She closes the door and is slightly worried, she had felt a slight urge to pee the last hour, but being lazy she decided to ignore it. 

Three hours go by, her urge has increased and Barbara’s now fidgeting every now and then. 

“Ding dong” 

It’s the same officer again: “I’m sorry to tell you ma’am, but it’s gonna be four more hours until you’ll have access to water again”. 

“Ok, that’s fine”, Barbara answers. She closes the door and immediately starts squirming. Getting up hasn’t helped her urge. “Oh god, how am I gonna hold it four more hours?”, she asks herself out loud. 

The next hour goes by squirming, and now she’s firmly grabbing herself. “Oh god, three more hours, no way I’m gonna make it”. 

Desperate for relief she thinks of a place where she can relieve herself. “Sink? No, I can’t rinse it out. Garden? Not in this rain. Bucket? Yeah, that sounds all right”. 

Relieved she found a solution, she makes her way upstairs towards her spare room, where she keeps her bucket. But every step or two, she has to stop and grab herself tightly to prevent leakage. 

Finally she makes it to the top of the stairs. She has both hands firmly on the crotch of her jeans making her way over to the door. She removes one hand to open the door. 

“Shit!”, she exclaims as a first spurt leaves her. She debates grabbing herself with both hands again or just moving forward, but quickly decides just moving forward will do least damage. 

She opens the door and walks in, another spurt. Two more steps and yet another spurt, this one being three seconds long. A saucer sized wet spot is visible on her tight jeans. 

“Fuck, why do I keep my bucket on the top shelf?” 

She fully stretches her free arm and stands on her toes. But it’s too much, another spurt escapes, turning into a trickle. Instinctively, she puts her free hand back on her crotch, but it’s too late. 

There she stands, totally wetting her jeans like there’s no tomorrow. 

A minute later she finishes. 

“Ding dong” 

“Oh god, not now”, she thinks. 

Shyly, she opens the door just poking her head around the door. A good looking twenty-something guy stands in front of her. 

“Hello, ma’am. I’m with the water company. We managed to fix the leak early, can I come in to check you have water again?” 

Barbara turns bright red from pure shame. “Yeah sure”, is all she manages to say. 

Barbara opens the door a little further, still hiding her lower body behind it and points towards the kitchen. The guy walks into the kitchen and turns on the tap. 

“Seems like all’s working just fine again. You can also use the toilet again, a lot of your neighbours were close to bursting. Pun in….”, he stops talking as he turns around now facing Barbara. 

“Oh, sorry ma’am. I didn’t know that…. You know. Is there anything I can do for you?” 

“No, thanks”. 

“Okay, I’ll go then”. 

As soon as she hears the door close, she walks to her bathroom, now crying, and strips her wet jeans. She puts them, along with her panties, in the washing machine and jumps in the shower. 

“I can’t believe myself. That was the hottest guy I’ve seen in ages and he’s seen me in my peed jeans. He’s gonna think I’m a baby”, is all she can think about while in the shower. 

CHAPTER 16 

The next day Nina decides to visit her best friend. Not having seen each other in over a week Nina brings up Barbara’s accident in the car. 

“Thank god your dad didn’t find out”, Nina says happily. 

“Yeah”, Barbara says softly. 

“What’s up? You don’t look your happy self today”. 

“Well, you know yesterday, when the water pipe burst? I…I peed myself”. 

“Well, that’s not such a big deal is it? I mean you couldn’t use the toilet, could you?” 

“That’s not it”, Barbara says and she starts telling about how she peed herself. But when she gets to the point where the guy rang the doorbell, she hesitates. 

“I got the feeling you haven’t told everything just yet”, Nina says comfortingly. 

“Well, I answered the door, and it was the cutest guy you’ve ever seen. I hid my lower body behind the door but he needed to come in. He was with the water company and he needed to see whether my water was running again. And that’s when he saw my wet jeans.” 

“Yeah, but he understood, right? I mean you did have an excuse, didn’t you?” 

“Well, yeah, but he was like so cute, I would have asked him out right there and the if only my jeans had been dry”, Barbara says nearly crying again from the embarrassment. 

“Well, maybe not. If he’s understanding”. 

Then Barbara’s phone rings. 

“Hello, this is Barbara speaking”. 

“Hello, it’s Peter Janssens. I’m with the water company, I’m calling to check if the water’s still running”. 

“Yes, it is”. 

“Okay, thanks. And I’m so so sorry, we couldn’t fix it in time for you know…” 

“It’s all right”. 

“Actually, I have a question. It’s rather embarrassing”. 

“Well, okay, go ahead”. 

“I was thinking, maybe… You might like if you want…. You wanna go out with me this Friday?” 

“Are you serious?” 

“Well, yeah sorry I over….” 

“Don’t be sorry, of course I want”, Barbara says now extremely happy. 

“Okay I’ll pick you up at 18:30, okay?” 

“Okay. Bye.” 

“Bye”. 

“What was that about? You were about to cry, and now you look like the happiest girl alive.” 

“It was that guy, he asked me out”. 

“See, you didn’t ruin your chances, he like you”. 

“Guess he does!” Barbara heads over to her fridge and pulls out two beers. “Let’s celebrate”. 

The girls opened their beers: “Cheers”. 

“I have a confession to make. You’re not the only one in this room who wet herself last week”. 

“Do tell”. 

“So it was two days ago, I woke up around nine. Alexis was in the bathroom and for some reason she locked the door. Guess she wanted some privacy while she was… You know… Playing with herself,” Nina laughs. 

“Haha”, Barbara laughs out loud. 

“So, I knocked on the door. She said she couldn’t open ‘cause she was showering. I explained I was bursting and had already leaked a tiny spurt onto the floor. But still she wouldn’t open. I begged and I begged and finally she opened the door. But it was too late. I couldn’t hold any longer. I was a meter away from the toilet when it just poured into my hands. I quickly sat down on the toilet, but the bathroom was a mess already. She laughed, I was embarrassed.” 

“Well, it wasn’t nearly as bad as my wetting”. 

“I know, but Alex won’t stop teasing me about it”. 

TO BE CONTINUED 

*026*2017-04-06 13:53

{{28 minutes ago, Ktpq said: 

Good chapters can not wait for more 

}}

Thanks. More is definitely comming 
