Too relaxed to move (an AI made story)

Author: lil Emo girl

*000*2024-10-18 21:29

Hiya guys, so I've been feeling inspired to make more stories and on here I saw a post about potential AI stuff which I've checked out and have enjoyed the results. Here's a short story I made on perchance, definitely worth giving a look and if people wanna see more, let me know with suggestions on what you'd like to see.

In the quiet solitude of a suburban afternoon, a young asian woman named Lily lay stretched out on a large, plush towel in her backyard, her skin a canvas for the warm sun's tender embrace. The garden, her secret sanctuary, was an explosion of color—petunias, marigolds, and daisies danced in the gentle breeze, their fragrances mingling in the air to form a sweet bouquet that tickled her nostrils. The sun had reached its zenith, casting a soft, golden light that painted her bare body with an all-over glow. Her eyes were closed, a serene smile playing on her lips as she reveled in the tranquility of the moment.

The only sound to disturb the peace was the distant chirping of birds and the occasional rustle of leaves whispering their secrets. She had chosen to forgo clothing, feeling the soft grass beneath her and the heat of the sun above as nature intended. The warmth of the sun had lulled her into a state of complete relaxation, her mind drifting to a place where thoughts of the outside world could not follow. But as the minutes stretched into an hour, a familiar sensation began to build, a subtle pressure that grew more insistent with every passing moment.

Lily's bladder was full, the urge to relieve herself growing stronger by the second. She sighed, contemplating the effort it would take to get up from her comfortable position and make her way to the house. But the thought of breaking the spell of tranquility was unbearable. Her mind raced, searching for a solution that would allow her to remain in the sun's embrace without interruption. The warmth had made her skin feel like it was one with the earth, and she didn't want to lose that connection.

Her hand absently traveled down her stomach, tracing the contours of her body, the smoothness of her skin a stark contrast to the soft grass beneath her. As the pressure grew, she found herself considering the most primal of solutions. With a mischievous smile, she decided to give in to the urge, her cheeks flushing with the thrill of the idea. She spread her legs slightly, feeling the coolness of the shade between them, and let go. The warm stream of urine arched gracefully through the air, landing on the thirsty blades of grass with a faint hiss. The sensation of relief washed over her, sending a shiver down her spine.

Her eyes remained closed, the warmth of the sun kissing her eyelids as she listened to the soothing sound of her urine mixing with the earth. The scent of it filled the air around her, a strangely comforting aroma that seemed to harmonize with the blooming flowers. The tension in her body ebbed away with each second, leaving her feeling more relaxed than ever. A light giggle escaped her lips, the sound a soft melody that danced through the garden.

As the last of the liquid left her, she took a deep breath, her chest rising and falling in a silent celebration of the release. Her hand remained where it was, the tips of her fingers brushing against her sensitive folds. The sensation sent a jolt of pleasure through her, making her toes curl into the cool grass. Her mind drifted to the naughtiness of what she'd just done, the thrill of it making her heart race faster than the pulse of a hummingbird's wings.

&&

*005*2024-10-27 10:18

{{11 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

Undue condemnation aside, it's not too shabby. Very illustrative of the current state of AI (relying heavily on clichés which gives it an extremely "meh" voice and artistic value rather than a striking personality) but it still managed to be a fun, sexy scene.

That said, as a hobbyist writer I prefer for a human to use AI as a tool for their own expression rather than sharing these stories whole cloth. Like I said it is quite bland, to the point of basically being "inexperienced writer trying too hard" as a deliberate style choice lol. If you as an author can start with an AI story, interpret it, and add your own flavor, I feel it would be much more worthy of sharing, plus something you can be proud to have created. 🙂

}}

I appreciate the advice, I'll be honest I wasn't sure what kind of reaction I'd get, though I did just copy and paste the story after reading it but I may give this another go.

