Desperate piss alternative ending

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2020-07-23 16:06

I have decided to do a hold today. So I started by emptying my bladder, s I have a fresh tank. It is 10am

So I then start with having 2 glasses of water. Then go onto watch some tv for an hour I then repeat this for 3 more times, so I now have had 8 glasses of water.

I decide that I will wear a pull up so I can contain the mess easier and for quicker clean up.

It is now 2pm and that water is slower started to make its presence known. I the decide to have a large cup of tea, as tea goes straight through me so it won’t take long to reach my bladder.

Soon as I have finished my tea, I start with doing some exercise to get moving about. My bladder is starting to get fuller now, I’d say about 6/10. My exercises are going a bit slower than normal, cause my bladder is now sending signals every 5 or so minutes to say please empty me.

After finishing my exercises I sit down and have some drinks to stay hydrated. But about 10 minutes later I regret it as my bladder is starting to get really full 8/10 and I know it won’t be long before my bladder can’t take it anymore.

About an half an hour later and I can’t sit still, my hand it gripping my dick, in hopes I won’t leek any.

I know now it won’t be long until I and pissing, in my pull up or so where else.

It is getting very urgent now, I have leaked a bit into my pull up, my hand is gripping tightly around my dick in hopes it will help and I can hold longer.

But I can’t another leak, this time longer soaking my pull up and I know I won’t be able to control it much longer.

I have to get upstairs to the bathroom before I promptly exploded in my pull up and trousers, my pull up can’t hold much more before it too starts to leak.

Both my hands are now clamped on my dick as I slowly rise from my chair, I quickly check for wetness of the chair, I’m good.

Ok, all I have to do is climb the stairs. Easy right.

I get to the bottom of the stairs by shuffling while keeping a firm grip on my dick. I take the first step and I spurt into my pull up, gripping tighter.

I think shall I just run for it and hope for the best and get there quicker but risk leaking even more.

Or

Should I take it slow and prolong my agony of just wanting to piss.

I chose to take it slow in hopes I will be able to control it and not leak too much while climbing the stairs to the bathroom.

Each step was torture as I was pushing on my bladder with each step I took.

Each step I took gave a little spurt and I hoped it would stay small as I didn’t want an accident on the stairs only a few feet from the bathroom.

I was 2 steps from the top when I got a much larger spurt and I thought I have got about a minute before this is a full blown accident.

I gripped my dick with all my might and quickly did the last few steps. I had done it.

Now I could see the bathroom door and my bladder got a bit excited and gave a large leak into my pull up. I could feel my pull up start to leak down my leg. My pull up was full and I knew I have about 30 seconds before my bladder failed me completely.

I quickly shuffled into the bathroom and that’s when I bladder had had enough and start expelling liquid slowly, as I was still holding on, into my already soaked pull up.

So I quickly undid my button and zipper and opened my pull up and piss just flew out a forceful speed my bladder had had enough and was no longer a small leak but a forceful stream pointing upwards and hitting the walls and towels soaking the through.

The relief was incredible, but I was making a huge mess so I quickly turned towards the shower and relaxed forcefully pissing into the shower, on the wall, floor and even some hit the shower head before I could properly aim at the shower floor.

I felt so relieved to be pissing, I didn’t care that it wasn’t in the toilet nor that most of it was in my pull up or on the floor in the bathroom, I have mostly made it and the pissing had never felt so good.

It went on for ages, and when I thought I was finished my stream would pick up again and piss some more.

When I was finally done I was exhausted. I looked around the the bathroom and saw the mess I had made but I didn’t care as I had finally pissed.

