Tess & Jess

Author: largebio

*000*2018-03-08 10:38

Tess and Jess are identical twins and best friends since the day they were born. Both have long blond hair and blue eyes. A slim body with a small B cup and small but firm ass. They love their bodies but hate their names. Well, not their names per se, but the fact that they were nearly identical. Like, how could their parents do this to them?

Anyway, for their 19th birthday they decided to make a road trip through Tuscany together. They had bought an occasion and on the first leg, they were gonna drive from their home town of The Hague to Basel, where they booked a hotel to stay for one night to break the trip to Italy in two. With breaks for coffee and lunch, the trip would take approximately 9 hours.

It's the morning of their departure, and the twins are making sure they have all their stuff packed. They have breakfast, three slices of bread with some Nutella, a cup of coffee and a glass of milk. At 9 they hug their parents goodbye and hit the road.

After two hours they decide to stop at a roadside restaurant for some coffee. They both have a large cappucino and slowly sip it. Before they leave, Jess says she needs to use the bathroom, but quickly returns.

"That was fast", Tess says.

"The toilets were absolutely disgusting, and it's not that urgent", Jess replies.

"Okay, then let's go. Shall I drive this part?", Tess asks.

"Sure".

The girls drive another two hours when Tess suggests to stop for lunch. Jess agrees and they stop at a rest stop near the Luxembourg-France border. Jess has a cheeseburger, chips and a large coke, whilst Tess orders a grilled sandwich with salad and a large coke.

"Going healthy?", Jess asks.

"Not really, it just looked really delicious".

They finish their food and drinks and head to the adjacent store to buy a bottle of water each.

"Wanna try the toilets here?", Tess asks.

"Nah. I don't think they'll be cleaner than the others. I'll be fine, were already at the halfway mark".

"Yeah, I was thinking the same", Tess says while feeling a slight urge herself.

Jess is back at the wheel for the next two hours, so Tess makes herself comfortable in the passenger seat and quickly dozes off. At the end of the two hours, Jess is feeling quite full and can't help but squirm in her seat ever so often.

"Good, you're awake. My time to sleep", Jess says as she notices Tess opening her eyes. She pulls into a rest stop a few kilometers down the road.

"This rest stop better has a bathroom, I need to pee", Tess anounces, "and you must be bursting since you needed to go at our first stop".

"I'm quite full, yeah", Jess confesses.

But to their disappointment there are no bathrooms, just a couple of picknick tables. And some trees being used by truckers for relieve.

"Ohhh, now I wish I were a guy, and I could just whip it out like that", Jess says.

"Yeah, I know. You could always pop a squat, if you're that desperate". It wouldn't be the first time either of them would do so, as they often did in a quiet city park while biking back home after a night of drinking

"Nah, those truckers look a bit pervy. Besides, the sat-nav says it's just 1 hour 45 minutes to our hotel. I can hold it untill then. You?", Jess says.

"Same here", Tess replies

They switch seats and continue their trip. Jess tries to fall asleep, but the fullness of her bladder prevents her from succeeding.

After about an hour she's still awake. "Thought you wanted to sleep?", Tess asks.

"Trying to", Jess replies slightly annoyed. Then she squirms again.

"Maybe you shouldn't have finished that bottle of water", Tess says teasingly.

"Just shut up, will you", Jess says while unbuttoning her jeans to provide some relieve.

In fact, she is on the verge of wetting her pants. "Can you please pull over at the next rest stop? I can't hold it much longer", she begs her sister, while feeling a spurt escape. She quickly moves her right hand inside her jeans, grabbing her pussy through her knickers. She nearly starts crying.

"Ohh my god, it's coming, it's coming", she whines.

"No, it's not. You're a big girl, my beautiful twin sister, I have faith in you. You can hold it back", Tess says trying to encourage her sister.

"I'm trying to", Jess says, with tears rolling down her cheeks. "I really am".

But a tiny wet spot has formed on the crotch of her jeans, her knickers are soaked and her right hand is too.

"Next rest stop in 10 km, that's just 5 more minutes, just hold it back with all your might", Tess says. But before well and truly finishing the sentence she hears a hissing sound coming from the passenger seat.

"I'm so sorry, I'm so so sorry. I just couldn't stop it anymore", Jess cries, "I look like a 3 year old now".

Pee is pouring out of her, soaking through her jeans, her butt is drenched and a pool is forming on the seat, which can't soak it all up. Soon the pool overflows, creating a waterfall down to the floor.

Tess tries to calm her sister down, but the sound of peeing is making her squirm in her seat too. "It's ok sis, accidents happen. Still want me to stop at that rest stop?"

"No, let's just get to the hotel", Jess says still whimpering.

"Okay then", Tess says slightly disappointed as she is dying for a toilet as well. But the final 30 minutes of the trip remain dry for her and she parks the car near the hotel.

"Can you grab me a towel and a clean pair of jeans from my bag please? So I can clean up before entering the hotel," Jess aks.

"Sure", Tess says. She can't help but do a little potty dance while searching for the stuff. "Here you go", she says handing it over to Jess. "I'm gonna go see if they have a toilet in the lobby, so I don't wet myself too. Meet me in the lobby so we can check in together?"

Jess aggrees and proceeds by closing the door to provide some privacy while cleaning herself up. She finishes and walks into the hotel where she sees Tess sitting cross-legged in one of the chairs in the lobby. They head to the counter to check in. All the while Jess noticing her sister can hardly stand still. After checking in they head back to the car to grab their bags and head to their room on the fifth floor.

While waiting for the lift, Jess again notices her sisters potty dance. "No toilet?", she asks.

"They were cleaning it. So I had to wait. Figured we'd check in first, the I could go in our room," Tess replies with one hand on her crotch.

"Stop it, what if someone sees you?"

"I don't care, I lost a couple of spurts already and I don't wanna wet myself in public", Tess says as the lift arrives.

While in the lift, Tess grabs herself with both hands and is jumping up and down. "Please hurry," she begs as she feels another spurt escape. This one making a coin-sized wet spot on her crotch.

"Don't wet yourself now we're almost in our room", Jess says really hoping her sister won't end up the way she did.

"Believe me, I'm trying to", Tess says hopelesly.

The lift arrives at their floor and the girls walk towards their room. Despite having her left hand buried in her crotch, Tess feels a spurt escape her tired pussy. By the time she reaches their room, the coin-sized spot has grown to be football-sized and some made its way down her ass crack to the back of her jeans. Her left hand is wet as well.

Jess walked ahead to open the door, so her sister could walk straight into the bathroom. "Thanks", she says, trying not to cry. But in spite of her sisters efforts, it's too late. As soon as she sees the toilet, she feels the dam burst. In order to minimise the clean up she quickly sits down on the toilet and pees full force for a minute and a half.

"Look at us two babies, turning 19 years old in three days, both unable to hold our pee", Tess says, half crying half relieved.

The twins defeatedly decide to shower before heading for dinner. "I'm hungry, let's shower together to save time, so we can head out sooner", Jess suggests and Tess aggrees.

The girls clean themselves and their peed knickers and jeans before going for dinner.

This story will be continued

$$

*002*2018-03-08 16:15

{{33 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Omg this story is excellent can't wait to see what happens

}}

Thanks! Hoping I’ll have time for chapter two tomorrow

*004*2018-03-09 11:02

CHAPTER 2

The evening and night go by uneventful. The next morning the girls check the weather forecast for Italy, it's gonna be a hot Italian summer day. So they decide to wear a light summer dress, a yellow one for Jess, with a pink bra and matching knickers, and a green dress with red flowers and white bra and kickers for Tess.

They enjoy a lucious breakfast buffet with all sorts of breads, pancakes, and lots of juice and coffee. They each have three glasses of orange juice and two large coffees. After breakfast they proceed by checking out.

"Before we leave, I'm gonna go use the bathroom, so I don't end up like yesterday", Jess says with a smile.

"Me too", Tess says laughing.

When they get to their car they find the fabric covered passenger seat still damp from Jess' accident the previous day. "Let's put a towel on it so our dresses won't get wet", Tess suggests, "shall I drive the first two hours?"

Jess agrees with both suggestions and soon they hit the road again.

Nearly two hours into the trip, Jess spots a roadside cafe. "This is probably the last stop before hitting the Gotthard tunnel. Shall we stop here for some coffee and a driver change?", she asks.

"You know I don't like driving in tunnels, so yeah, sounds like a plan", Tess confirms.

The girls each have a large cappucino. "You know, this will be the last time we can have one at this time of the day. In Italy it's strictly a breakfast beverage", Tess jokes.

"I know", Jess says laughing.

They finish their cappucino and leave the cafe. "No need to use the bathroom?", Jess asks.

"Nope, I'm fine".

"Me too". And they start driving again.

The wait time for the tunnel is about thirty minutes, which the girls pass with some car karaoke.

They drive through the tunnel and another hour further until they decide it's time for lunch. They stop somewhere in the outskirts of Milan and have a nice Italian lunch, with two large cokes each. But much to their dismay, the restaurant does not have any toilets, instead customers are expected to use the toilets in the adjacent petrol station.

"They're probably disgusting, and I don't really need to go", Jess says.

"A bit of a deja vu, isn't it", Tess laughs.

"Guess so", Jess says, "you wanna drive from here to the coast? Along the coast there's mountains and tunnels, so I'll drive that part".

"Sure", Tess says. "But first let stock up on water, it's scorching hot".

And so it goes, it takes around two hours to reach the coast, during which each of the twins finishes a bottle and a half of water.

Tess pulls into a rest stop just past the town of La Spezia. "Hope there's a loo here, feeling quite full", she says.

"Saw you squirming behind the wheel", Jess says, "but you're not alone".

"There's a small building there", Tess says relieved. She gets out but her relieve soon turns into annoyance.

"Chiuso per manutenzione", a sign reads.

"Dammit", Tess says under her breath. "Closed!", she yells to her sister.

"What! Why?"

"Maintenance", she says annoyed, sitting down in the passenger seat.

"This place is way to open to pop a squat. Let's get moving and stop at the next rest stop", Jess says while starting the engine.

"Okay. Hope there's one closeby. Or I'll be adding to the dampness on this seat", Tess says visibly worried. She immediately buries her hands in her crotch, the shot at relieve she briefly thought she had had significantly increased her urge.

But half an hour later, still no new rest stop. And Tess is feeling her first spurt escape.

"Jess", she whispers, "if we don't find a place to pull over in the next five minutes, I'm gonna pee myself".

Another spurt escapes: "Okay, make that two minutes. I already lost two spurts".

"Well, obviously there isn't a rest stop in sight, so here's what you gonna do. You are going to put your dress up, so it isn't under your butt. Then you're gonna take that towel, fold it once more and put it under your pussy. Then comes the hardest part; you're gonna pull your knickers down as fast as you can before letting loose in the towel. But, you'll have to stop before you overfill the towel", Jess instructs her sister.

"Okay, here goes", Tess says while slowly removing her right hand from her crotch. A small spurt. She rolls up her dress so high it is now only covering her bra. Another spurt, she manages to stop by putting her left hand back in her crotch. Once she has regained control she quickly pulls the towel from under her and folds it in half. She lays it back on the seat under her pussy. She then carefully moves her right hand to the top of her knickers and her left hand as well. This causes her to lose a small trickle. She quickly pulls down her knickers all the way to her knees and presses the towel into her now bare bald pussy. Then the torrent begins, quickly filling the towel to its capacity.

"It's drenched, but I can't stop", Tess says. She can feel her pee dripping through the towel, wetting her but and thighs.

"Don't worry, it's not like the seat wasn't soaked with pee before", Jess says trying to calm down her sister. "But this seat hasn't. And the sound of your relieve has caused a small spurt to escape".

Due to the winding road, Jess has to use both hands for driving, so she is unable the grab herself. But then, fifteen minutes later, she sighs with relieve. A sign says there's a picknick are in one kilometer. She pulls into it, but to her disappointment, no toilets.

"Fuck it", Jess says, "I'm gonna have to relieve myself here, or I won't be able to concentrate on driving, causing a completely different accident", she says to her sister, who has now calmed down.

Both girls look around, there are three picknick tables, sort of hidden between some pine trees. A family of four sitting at the middle one.

"Squatting near a tree isn't really an option", Tess says, "those people will see you".

"Only one other option left then", Jess says while opening her door as far as possible. She climbs out of the car as fast as she can, opening the rear door behind her. She rolls up her dress much like her sister's, exposing her pink knickers and lets go. A massive flood soon erupts, flowing straight through her knickers, creating a spattering sound from the pee hitting the asphalt.

After a long minute, the torrent slows down to a trickle as the final drops drip from her knickers to the asphalt, she is shocked. She hears some Italian closeby and is shocked to see the family's 5 year old daughter pointing at her. The parents look at Jess with disgust before taking their girl by her hand and leading her to their car.

"That was embarassing", Jess says to her sister while making her way to the back of the car to grab a towel.

The Italian family drives of and now that it's just the twins, Jess removes her knickers and dries her bald pussy. She puts down the towel and her knickers in the back seat and sits back down. Tess throws her towel and knickers in the back as well and so the girls sit in the car exposing their lower halves, wearing just a bra and rolled up dress.

"Hope no one sees the way we're dressed", Tess says with a smile.

The twins continue their trip and pull into their hotel's parking lot half an hour later.

Tess inspects her and her sisters knickers, both are still wet and Tess' have a yellow spot on them. They get out of the car.

"Is my dress still dry?", Tess asks.

"Yes. Mine?"

"Dry as well".

And so the twins walk into the hotel to check in. Going commando.

TO BE CONTINUED

*005*2018-03-09 11:49

Just for your imagination. The twins look like this girl. Blond, blue eyes and a B cup ;)

$$

*007*2018-03-11 15:32

CHAPTER 3

The girls spend their first night in Pisa and the next morning - after breakfast - start a walk through the old city centre. They take the cliche pictures near the Leaning Tower and around 2 o'clock they decide to stop at a restaurant for lunch. They sit down, order a coke each and take a look at the menu.

"Before ordering I'm gonna have a leak", Tess says, "I've been needing to go the last hour".

"Sure", Jess says.

Tess gets up and walks around the restaurant trying to locate the bathroom. Failing to, she asks one of the waitresses, who - with a heavy Italian accent - explains the restaurant doesn't have a bathroom, but there's a public bathroom around the corner.

Tess gets back to their table and explains the situation to Jess, "... and our hotel is five minutes away from here, so after linch we can pop by and use our room's toilet".

"Fine", Jess says. She herself is feeling quite an urge, but is confident she can wait till after lunch like her sister.

Ten minutes later they order their lunch and get a complimentary piece of bruschetta as well as a refill on their drinks.

It takes around half an hour for their food to arrive, and being thirsty they order another round.

While eating Tess confesses she is getting quite desperate. "But as long as we get to our room in half an hour it won't be an issue".

"I'm dying for a pee too. Probably as bad as you", Jess adds.

Fifteen minutes later they finish their dishes. Five minutes later, their table still hasn't been cleared.

"Where the hell did our waitress go", Jess asks desperately, having her legs tightly crossed.

"Don't know. But she better turns up soon, or she have more to clean than just the table", Tess says worryingly.

After two minutes she finally shows up and the girls ask for the bill. Apparentely a difficult question, as it takes their waitress a good five minutes.

By the time she finally gets back to their table, the girls can hardly hide their desperation from her and the other customers and staff.

"Thank god", Jess whispers under her breath as she types in her pin code on the machine. "Let's hurry to the hotel".

The girls walk as fast as they can without losing control of their bladder. Five minutes later they arrive at their hotel. Their room is on the second floor, and a sthe hotel doesn't have a lift, they'll have to climb the stairs.

When they're halfway Jess suddenly doubles over and grabs herself under her dress. "I leaked, please can I go first?"

"Only if you hurry", Tess says as the twins continue their torturous climb.

By the time they get to their room, Jess has leaked twice more and Tess' knickers aren't dry anymore either.

Tess opens the door and Jess hurries into the bathroom. Without even closing the door, she hikes her dress, and realising her knickers can't be saved, she seats herself on the toilet and releases the pend up flood through them.

Meanwhile, Tess has both hands under her dress tightly grabbing her pussy through her knickers. She is pee-pee dancing vigorously, but still a couple more leaks escape.

"Please hurry", she begs her sister, "I'm having an accident here". The leaks have turned into a small trickle.

"Sink! Use the sink!", Jess screams.

At first Tess looks confused, but then she acts quickly. She hikes her dress and takes a seat on the sink, like her twin peeing through her knickers.

When finished they inspect their dresses, both have wet spots from where they grabbed themselves.

They decide to share a quick shower before getting themselves dressed in clean knickers and dresses before continuing their sightseeing.

TO BE CONTINUED

*009*2018-03-11 16:36

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent chapter

}}

Thanks! Glad you like my story

*012*2018-03-16 11:33

CHAPTER 4

"Happy birthday!", Jess says, seeing her sister wake up the next morning.

"Happy birthday!", Tess says rubbing her eyes out before giving her twin a massive hug.

They exchange gifts and shower before heading downstairs for breakfast. Today the'll be visiting they nearby old town of Lucca, with it's still intact city walls.

They grab some stuff from their room before commencing on the half hour drive.

The morning goes by quickly, they get lost once or twice. But in Lucca every tourist does, and around 2 they decide to have lunch.

Before leaving the restaurant, they use the restroom. "I'm not wetting myself again today like a baby. Not on the day I turn 19", Tess whispers to her sister, who laughs in agreement.

They spend the afternoon walking around the old town a bit more and looking for some souvenirs for their parents and younger sister. ARound 5 o'clock they return to their hotel in Pisa.

When they get back, Tess rushes to the toilet.

"That was quite urgent", she says to Jess, while relieving herself.

As soon as Tess finishes, Jess takes her place. "Same here", she smiles, "but nowhere near wetting. Not today!".

The girls get changed, they're gonna have dinner before heading out to a club to well and truly celebrate their birthday. They each put on a tight black dress. Quite low cut, showing off their small but firm breasts. And just long enough to cover their butts.

Their pretty faces and blond hair already caused some heads to turn, but this outfit is really drawing attention from the guys, and some girls too.

They find a nice little restaurant, where they enjoy a great dinner. With enough wine to make them a little tipsy already.

"Before we head out to the club, I'm gonna have a leak. The bathrooms there probably have long lines", Jess says.

"Me too", Tess adds.

They then head for the club and start partying. The DJ is great and the girls dance - and drink - to their hearts desire.

After about an hour and a half, Jess anounces she has to pee. "Wanna join me?", she asks Tess, who says yes.

The twins head to the bathrooms, only to see a ten people line. They queue up.

The line is terribly slow and ten minutes later only two girls have entered a stall.

"They better hurry. The alcohol is hitting my bladder hard", Tess says.

"Mine too. And looks like we're not the only ones", Jess says looking at the line. At least three of the eight girls are bursting, they can hardly stand still. "Why are there only two stalls?", she asks rhetorically.

Another ten minutes later, three more girls have entered a stall and only five girls remain in line in front of the twins. The first girl in line is now frantic and even grabbing herself.

"Glad I'm not in her position", Tess says.

"Yet", Jess adds with a worried look on her face.

A stall opens and the girl runs in. "Only four more to go", Tess says, trying to sound possitive.

Five minutes later, the girl finally reappears from the stall, kickers in her hands.

"Looks like she didn't completely make it", Tess says while the girl frantically tries to dry her knickers under an air-dryer.

"If these people won't hurry, I'm not either", Jess says, really sounding desperate. She then moves one of her hands down to her crotch.

Meanwhile, two girls have entered each of the of the stalls, meaning the twins are up next.

"You can go first", Tess says, "you look like you're about to lose it".

"Thanks", Jess says looking even more worried than before.

A flush and a door opens, Jess runs in, nearly knocking over the girl emerging from it. She yanks down her knickers, and before she can completely sit down, a strong stream pours out of her.

At the same time, the other stall opens up and Tess hurries in to release her own ocean of pee.

Jess inspects her knickers, which - much to her delight - are somehow completely dry.

She walks out of the stall, washes her hands and waits for her sister, who quickly joins her.

"Still dry?", Tess asks.

"Yes".

"Me too. We were just in time I guess, the queue is twice as long now as it was when we joined", Tess says, pointing down the line.

The girls sit down by the bar and order a round of drinks. A couple of Italian guys join them and they start talking. They introduce themselves a Gianluca and Vincenzo. Soon the guys buy them a second and third round of drinks. After an hour - and a fourth round of drinks - Jess tries to excuse herself to use the bathroom.

"Please don't walk out on me", Vincenzo says, grabbing her hand.

"Trust me I'll be back. But I just really gotta use the bathroom", Jess says.

"Promise me", Vincenzo begs.

"I promise", she says.

"I gotta go too", Tess says and the girls head to the restroom.

"I don't trust these guys", Jess whispers, "all they're looking for is a quick bang and that's it".

"I agree. And I'm not gonna lose my virginity to some player while being drunk", Tess confirms.

"Me neither, we'll need to get rid of them somehow".

"Absolutely, but I think we got something more urgent to worry about", Tess says noticing the queue, which is even longer than before.

Nevertheless - seeing no other option - the twins decide to stand in line. But soon enough three girls leave it as some woman announces something in Italian.

Apparentely, some girl threw up in one of the cubicles and made an absolute mess, so only one remains. There being at least two dozen girls still in front of them, the twins start thinking about plan B.

"No way I can wait until it's our turn", Jess says.

"Me neither", Tess confirms.

The twins decide to check the men's room but it only has urinals and too many guys in there.

"Let's head back to our hotel. It's nearly 1 o'clock, or closing time as they call it here, anyway", Jess suggests.

"Okay, but if we pass a public bathroom or a quite alley, I'm using it", Tess says.

"Me too. Now we just have to be careful not to be spotted by Vincenzo and Gianluca".

The girls sneak out of the club managing to avoid being spotted by either of the guys.

"Okay, left or right", Jess says while exiting the club, "I think right".

"Well, I think left to be honest", Tess says.

But being quite drunk, neither of them is really sure. So Tess suggests to check Google Maps.

"Left it is", she says.

The girls start walking towards their hotel, but it isn't going very fast. Being drunk and having to pee badly is making walking fast and in a straight line quite difficult.

After about five minutes they stumble upon a public bathroom.

"Closed at night. Goddammit!", Jess says annoyed.

"Oh fuck!", Tess says. "I thought I'd get relieve and now I lost a spurt".

"Let's quickly find somewhere else then", Jess says, feeling herself on the verge of spurting too.

50 metres further they spot an alley. But it's being used by a group of guys.

"I'm not gonna give them a show", Jess says.

"Honestly, I don't care anymore. I just don't wanna wet myself again. And especially not today, remember", Tess says feeling her control drift away.

"Oh good they're leaving", Jess says relieved, "that means we got the alley to ourselves".

The girls make their way over to the darkest, most conceiled part of the alley, behind some trash cans, as quickly as they can.

But five metres away from them, one the trash cans suddenly falls over causing the girls to scream.

"It's just a cat", Tess says pointing to the cat that's racing away. "Oooooh fuck no!", she then screams.

"What's it", Jess asks.

"I... I guess that cat startled me so much I started peeing. And I didn't even notice it at first", Tess says defeated. She proceeds by spreading her legs to avoid her pee flowing down her legs into her shoes and then just let's go. "Ahhhhh", she sighs just louder than the hissing and splattering sounds her pee creates.

Meanwhile Jess squats down hidden between two of the trash cans. She the tries to hike her dress and pull her knickers aside. But in her drunken state she loses her balance and with quite some force her ass hits the ground. Forceful enough for her to lose control.

She just sits on her ass and defeatedly wets her knickers and the seat of her dress, she sighs in relieve and lets nature take its course.

"Damn, we were both so close to making it", Tess says smiling, seeing the fun in it all.

"So close, yet so far away", Jess adds.

The girls then continue their way to the hotel. "Guess we'll have some laundry to do tomorrow. At this pace we'll be out of clothes in three days. Even our favourite dresses are soaked now", Jess says.

Fifteen minutes later they finally enter their room. "I'm far too drunk and tired to clean myself up", Tess says.

"Me too", Jess says, "we can worry about the mess tomorrow".

Thus, the girls strip down naked and lie down in their shared queen bed, quickly falling asleep.

TO BE CONTINUED

*014*2018-03-16 14:49

{{5 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thanks!

*016*2018-03-16 17:58

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Your very welcome this is a great story so far

}}

Good to know there are people enjoying my story

*018*2018-03-18 12:48

CHAPTER 5

The girls are back on the streets of Pisa. It's dark outside and they have been drinking quite a lot.

"I really need a pee", Tess says.

"The hotel shouldn't be far from here. Let's head there quickly", Jess says.

"Okay".

Five minutes go by, and the hotel is still nowhere in sight.

"You sure we heading the right way?", Tess asks.

"Absolutely, the hotel should be right around the corner", Jess says.

"Well, it clearly is not!", Tess says annoyed, turning the corner.

"I was pretty sure. I'm sorry sis".

"Okay don't worry. Let's just check google maps", Tess says, taking her phone out of her jeans' pocket.

"We went in the complete opposite direction of where we should've gone", she says after a minute. "The hotel's about 10 minutes from here".

"Sorry", Jess apologises.

"Let's get going quickly. I'm about to wet myself", Tess says.

"Me too. And these are my favourite jeans, so I really don't wanna", Jess says while squirming.

The girls start walking towards their hotel, but it takes them a lot longer trying not to wet themselves, combined with being quite drunk.

After about fifteen minutes, Jess suddenly doubles over, jamming her hands in her crotch.

"I leaked some", she says inspecting her crotch. No wetness is shown or her jeans, but she can feel her knickers are damp.

"My knickers aren't dry either", Tess confesses, "let's hurry".

"Look! A public restroom", Jess happily exclaims.

The sight of the bathroom instantly cause the girls to lose another spurt, and with a hand on their crotch, the girls waddle over to the bathroom.

Jess opens the door and proceeds to the ladies room. "Locked", she sighs defeated.

"Men's room is open", Tess happily concludes.

The girls enter the men's room, but to their dismay it only has urinals.

"I don't care. It's either this or my jeans, so I'm using a urinal", Tess says.

"Me too".

The girls each stand in front of a urinal and - trying to lose as little as possible - yank down their knickers and jeans, exposing their bald pussies. Using their fingers, they spread their labia and try to aim their pee into the urinals.

Both fail misserably and most of their pee flows down their legs, into their knickers and jeans, with only a small portion making it into the actual urinals.

Too drunk to care, the girls empty their bladders.

"How come your top is wet too?", Jess asks.

"I don't know. I thought it was out of the way, but app......"

Then she shoots awake. Immediately Tess realises what just happened, she just emptied her bladder onto her bed, making a massive puddle. Embarrased, she decides to climb out of the bed, but stops halfway when she hears something.

"It's a hiss. Coming from Jess. She's wetting the bed too", she thinks out loud. The hissing subsides. "And she didn't even wake up".

Now that her sister wet the bed too, she feels less embarrased, and still feeling drunk and tired she decides to go back to sleep.

Despite lying in a puddle of her own urine, she quickly falls back asleep, only to be woken up by her sister hours later.

"Wake up, we wet the bed", Jess says.

"I know", Tess says, and she proceeds to tell what happened when she woke up in the middle of the night.

"I had the exact same dream", Jess says after Tess finishes her story.

The girls the decide to clean the bed, their clothes from last night, and finally themselves. Then they order room service breakfast and do some laundry.

They spend the rest of the day packing their stuff and having a last stroll in Pisa, before having dinner. They go to bed early, as tomorrow they have to get the boat to Elba early in the morning.

TO BE CONTINUED

*020*2018-03-18 15:38

{{7 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent chapter can't wait to find out what happens next

}}

Thanks again!

*022*2018-03-22 09:08

CHAPTER 6

"Wake up! Wake up Jess!", Tess says, "we slept through our alarm".

"Huh, what?", Jess says, still half asleep.

"Our boat is leaving in two hours and it's an hour and fifteen minute drive. We need to leave now".

Luckily for them, they packed their stuff yesterday, so they put on some clothes, a pink bikini and blue dress each. and race downstairs to check out.

Breaking the speed limit here and there, they make it to the boat with half an hour to spare.

"The second we get on this ferry, I'm gonna flook for a toilet. I didn't go this morning, 'cause we were hurrying too much", Jess says.

"Same here", Tess says.

But the boarding process is a typical Italian mayhem.

"You'd think doing this multiple times a day would streamline the process", Tess says, fidgeting.

"We're in Italy, remember?", Jess says, not fidgeting any less than her twin.

"I just hope they hurry, these seats have been wet enough already", Tess says, seriously worrying she's gonna have another accident.

They crawl forward, fifteen minutes later they're about halfway down the queue.

"Please hurry, people have to pee here!", Jess shouts to no-one in particular.

Meanwhile, both girls have one hand cupping their pussies, through their bikini bottoms.

Then, miraculously, the line of cars starts moving faster and within five minutes, the girls have parked their car on one of the decks and start their search for a bathroom.

"Hope we find one soon. I lost a tiny spurt already", Jess says.

"I'm still dry, but won't be for long".

The girls slowly climb the stairs to the passenger deck, careful not to lose control. Once they arrive at the passenger deck, they look around for the bathrooms.

"Don't see any. You?", Jess says, crossing her legs.

"Nope. Let's ask her", Tess says seeing a crew member.

The woman points them towards the nearest toilet, which unfortunately for them is occupied. A young girl - about 6 years old - and her mother are standing in front of the locked door.

"Hope those people hurry", Jess whispers.

The little girl hears it: "Hear that mom, those girls are Dutch too. Nice, isn't it?", she says while pee-pee dancing vigorously.

"Yeah, lots of Dutchies here. But let's focus on keeping your knickers dry, okay".

"Okay mommy".

The twins can't help but feel sorry for the little girl, but both having a coin sized wet spot on their bikini bottoms, they're not doing much better than her.

A flush, causing the twins and the girl to double over and use a hand to keep it all in.

A splattering. Jess looks at Tess' crotch and vice versa. Both concluding it's not coming from them, before turning their eyes to the girl.

"Mommy, I'm peeing", she says, bursting into tears. Her mom quickly picks her up and puts her in the now vacant bathroom.

The twins can hear her peeing and apologising to her mom through the door.

"We're three times as old as her, but about to have a similar accident nonetheless", Tess says, her hand buried in her crotch, not caring about the woman who's just joined the queue.

"Just a couple more minutes, we can hold it".

"Hope so. By the way, it's your turn to use the sink, I did so in the hotel", Tess says remembering one of their previous accidents.

A flush, this time causing each of the twins to lose a one second long spurt.

"Oh fuck!", they scream perfectly synchronised.

The door opens, the little girl comes out, her jean shorts drenched. The twins understand exactly what she must feel like, and are to ashamed to make eye contact with neither her nor her mom.

The twins walk into the bathroom and quickly lock the door behind them. The sight of the toilet has caused them to lose control.

So while Tess hikes her dress and sits on the toilet to pee through her bikini bottom, Jess does the same to pee in the sink.

They each pee for a minute and a half, before drying the floor with some toilet paper and inspecting the wetness on their dresses.

Both have wet spots the size of a saucer on them around their crotches and butt, obviously, their bikini bottoms are drenched.

"Let's head outside and stand in the wind, so our dresses will quickly dry", Jess suggests.

Tess agrees and the girls walk as fast as they can, trying to hide their wet spots as much as possible.

An hour later, an announcer tells people to head back to their cars.

"Luckily our dresses have dried, would have been emberassing to walk back to our car with a wet spot", Tess says.

Jess says nothing but just nods.

Half an hour later, they have disembarked, and start their 45 minute drive to the village of Chiessi, where they booked a hotel.

"We're too early to check in", Jess says, "wanna head to the beach first".

"Sure, but my bottoms still have a wet spot on them", Tess says, "we'll just race to the sea, so no-one will notice".

TO BE CONTINUED

*024*2018-03-22 14:47

{{9 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent chapter can't wait to read about what happens next

}}

Thanks!

$$

