The Photoshoot

Author: LordLaFaveloun

*000*2019-11-26 04:03

DM’s on Dave's phone:

“So when do u wanna do the photoshoot?”

“9 am in the park?”

“Yeah 9am sounds great ”

“What train r u taking?”

“Oh I’ll just take an Uber”

“To 20th street?”

“Yeah”

“Ok see u there”

Dave

Dave's perspective:

He saw the uber as he was walking to 20th street. He wasn't sure it was Christie's at first but he checked the text, a black prius, it was indeed a black prius with an uber sticker. The timing was perfect. The car pulled up right in front of him just as he stopped at the corner of 20th and streetview, where they had planned to meet. Then Christie stepped out. She was gorgeous; there was a reason she was a model after all. She wore tiny jean shorts, a lace up red crop top, and a brimmed sun hat with tinted sunglasses. Her long black hair bounced joyously as she hopped out of the car. In a word, she was stunning. He picked his eyes up from where they'd stuck in her ample cleavage and looked at her glowing face, “Hi” she said with a contagious energy, ‘let's get started!”

Christie's perspective:

When she opened the car door she was surprised to see Dave standing right there. He was taller than she remembered, she barely came up to his shoulder as she stood up. His face was hot, high cheekbones and dark brown eyes that squinted into the glare of the summer sun. He was lean but not skinny, and in his tight white t-shirt she could see his pecs. Her eyes flicked downward; he was wearing skinny jeans, that was new, he always wore joggers. But ah what they had hidden from her. Her eyes lighted on his noticeable bulge. She raised her eyebrow, not bad. She looked back up, he was checking her out too, that was nothing new she would let him do it. He’s cute, lets see where this goes she thought. “Hi, lets get started!” she piped up cheerfully, and with a hug hello, off they went.

Dave's perspective:

She walked ahead of him toward the next location. He stared at her perky ass and hourglass frame moving hypnotically.

“Okay, here's good,” He said. She sat on a wall as he took out his camera, “Turn this way and lean against that pillar, relax like you're about to fall asleep; Be open to the sun on your body.” As christe swung her legs over the wall to lean the other way, Dave caught a glimpse between her legs. A flash of smooth shaven skin, she wasn't wearing panties, just what did she think the were doing today? The thought of sliding her shorts down those sexy legs made his pulse race, his dick throbbed and his throat got dry. Did she want him like that? He pushed the thought down, they had pictures to take. He stared through the viewfinder taking pictures and gazing at her chest, smooth sideboob through the lace up top with no bra. They wrapped up the photos for the location. It was really hot in the sun and he went for a drink from his water bottle, empty, he looked over at Christie, her bottle was empty too, it had been for the past half hour, “Hey, let's stop to get water from the fountain.”

“You can get a drink, I’m good,” Christie called back.

“Not thirsty?” Dave asked.

“No not really,” Christie replied, shifting from one foot to the other. Dave shrugged and took a long cool drink of water, it felt so good on his dry throat. He drank for almost a straight minute. And then he felt a little twinge down in his bladder, it wasn't urgent, it could wait till they finished.

Christie's perspective:

Her tight shorts pressed on her bladder uncomfortably; her uber had driven almost an hour and a half to the park and now it'd been almost 3 hours since she had peed. The whole time it was hot and at first she just kept drinking water, now though she couldn't risk it, she didn't even know if there were bathrooms in the park.

“It's right over the fence here,” Dave said and smoothly swung himself over the fence with an easy athleticism.

“Over there she said,” pointing shakily. On a good day she could still break her neck going over, but now, as her bladder complained, she didn't know if she could lift her leg like that without pissing herself. “O...okay, I don't know if I can make it over,” she said nervously.

“It's ok I'll make sure you don't fall,” Dave said, a sudden calm forceful baritone in his voice. His smile reached out and comforted her. God how could she resist his help. “Yes Daddy,”she whispered.

“What?”

“Nothing,” she said, suddenly going red. She walked up to the fence and put one leg up, grabbing his hand for support. She swung the other leg up, when all of a sudden he put his other hand on her shoulder, a strong warm weight. A flutter went through her whole body, a giddy heat, and in that moment, she lost her balance and fell forward onto him. She squealed in terror as her swollen bladder slammed into him, wobbling desperate to leak out. A few drops came out into her shorts. No! She squeezed her legs together, holding back the flood, she couldn't wet herself in front of Dave, much less on top of him. She'd be so embarrassed and he would think she was a bad little girl who couldn't even hold her own pee. Alright, she had control. Deep breath she was fine.

Dave's perspective:

“Eeeeeeek,” Christie squealed as she fell on top of him. She landed on him and wiggled around holding her leg, her breasts pressing into his chest. Then she took a deep breath and the tension went out of her.

“Are you ok he asked,” genuinely concerned.

“Yeah, of course,” she smiled,”I just landed on your knee funny, let's go," she said in a suddenly sultry voice. Christie pinned her hands on either side of him, paused and then, tits hanging tantalizingly in his face, got up. His dick throbbed, pushing its way out of his underwear, and hotly pressing on his leg. Then another sensation his bladder had been slowly bulging as they walked here. Christie's landing had pushed on it, and now it began to throb at him all the water he drank trying to rush back out his half hard dick, Fuck, he thought, not in front of Christie, he couldn't piss himself in front of her, a guy pissing his pants was pathetic. He got up, “Let's head up to the rocks on that waterfall, that'll make a great shot.”

Christie's perspective:

Climbing the steps without holding herself was hard more squirts threatened to come out her pussy if she wasn't careful. She couldn't look desperate though, imagine trying to explain that to dave, that a big girl like her couldn't hold her pee, so she pushed on up the rocky steps to the waterfall. The sound of running water made her clit throb with her aching bladder. She should have worn panties today. Christie hadn't even thought about it this morning, maybe subconsciously her body just new how much she wanted to fuck Dave, his powerful hands on her shoulders and grabbing her as that big dick pumped in and out of her. But that couldn't even be the biggest thing on her mind right now, “climb to that rock over there,” she whimpered quietly as she tried to clamber over the rocks, her bladder threatening to release at any moment.

The water made her want to cry, relief was so easy, so close that she desperately wanted to let it go and piss on the rocks. Nobody else was there nobody else would see, except for dave, except for him, shed hold it for him, she'd be a big girl and control herself for Daddy. Still the thought of just pulling her shorts down and letting an ocean of hot golden piss spill out onto the rocks, mixing with the waterfall and covering the boulder, was sexy as fuck. She was posing now, striking her sexiest poses and most hardcore faces right at camera, “Hey straighten your back and suck in your tummy a little,” Dave said in a cutesy voice. She whimpered, trying to push back against her bulging bladder. She knew it was showing, Her weakness was right there in front of Dave. She sucked in and gasped as a wave of desperation on a new level hit her, “Hey great face,” Dave said, looking at her, “hey were just about done here, but there's a cool spot up there in the woods behind the waterfall.”

Dave's perspective:

He needed to go, bad, really bad, the waterfall sound was getting to him, he was standing split legged between two rocks to get the shot, and unsupported it felt like piss would fall out of him at any second. They walked up behind the waterfall, he was so desperate he didn't even notice how Christie was wobbling and holding herself as she walked. As they reached the clearing of trees above the waterfall he almost said that they should do more pictures the he felt his bladder.

His Cock twitched trying to hold back the flow. He'd piss his pants if he waited one more minute. But, how would he say it? He couldn't have and accident in front of Christie, but admitting to her that he needed to go like a little boy was so embarrassing. He opened his mouth and then stopped, and his heart sank. He swallowed. He couldn't make the words come out; she'd think he was gross. A little boy who couldn't hold his pee pee. He turned and he felt it, little drops, wet in his pants, a squirt. The piss was about to come out, “Christie, I gotta piss really bad,” he yelled as he turned away from her and whipped out his dick. A river of piss came sparkling out. The late afternoon light caught it, a stream, an ocean of piss gushing to the ground. The relief was Euphoria.

“You don't have to turn around,” Christie said in a quiet little voice.

Christie's perspective:

She had no idea Dave could hold that much piss, and oh my God, his dick was going erect, it was huge, and that stream was so sexy. But, she still had to hold her own piss in.

“If you need to pee too, there's a bathroom all the way over at the audubon center.”

Yes that was it, she would just have to hold it until…

Then the desperation his her, too much to handle. The floodgates broke all at once. Fuck, forget panties, a little girl like her should wear diapers. Piss soaked her shorts spraying everywhere like a firehose. It felt sooooo good, she yanked down her shorts and squatted down just feeling the tension leave her and the piss escaped in a hot flood onto the leaves on the ground. Dave looked away, “don't worry, you can watch,” she said.

Daves perspective:

He turned slowly and was immediately entranced. The gold light of sunset glinted on Christie's wet pussy as drops of pee sprayed everywhere, sparkling and dancing in the illumination. He walked over to her, her stream was still going, a steady wet hiss, soaking the leaves. She must really have had to pee. He put his hand on her shoulder, and then he leaned in and kissed her, reaching down his other hand to finger her pretty little cunt. The piss sprayed his hand, getting drops all over him and her. The smell of piss mixed with the scent of her hair in an intoxicating way. He rubbed her pussy slowly feeling her body start to move with him.

The stream slowed to a dribble and then stopped, leaving Christie gasping with relief. Dave stood her up, and taking her by the shoulders pinned her to a tree. He locked lips with her, mixing saliva as their piss mixed with every penetration of his dick. They grabbed at each other, reveling in each other's fragrance, and the great relief of their bladders. Then they came, moaning and collapsed to the ground. With a great exhale, Christie asked, “so what do we do about my wet pants daddy?”

END

