Miyuki

Author: LeakyPaint

*000*2021-01-03 16:05

Miyuki sat down at the seat. She brushed her long black hair off her shoulders and crossed her legs. She had to pee, just a little. It was a 3 hour exam. And this was the last one of the year. It would determine which college she would, or could, go to. The stress. Oh my god.. Miyuki’s mind raced. She took a deep breath and began thinking. If 2 by 3 is equal to 6 tiles, what would 2 by 17 be? She hadn’t seen this coming. It was so easy! 34, she wrote. Next question. She had began to squirm. Her need to pee was getting worse. Unh.. her mind ached. She couldn’t moan out loud. Solve the equation.

5(- 3x - 2) - (x - 3) = -4(4x + 5) + 13.

She was very confused at this. But reluctantly she wrote down something random. Suddenly a stab of pain and desperation in her bladder made her gasp and grab her crotch. She finished 2 questions and now, she was attempting to write with her mouth clamped onto the pen because hse was clutching her crotch so hard. Suddenly a spurt of urine shot from her hands. “Crap!” She whispered. Thankfully it was only a small spurt. But, as you all know, leaking makes the pressure worse for a moment. She squirmed and crossed and uncrossed her legs. She leaned forward and back. She completed a few questions. She felt her bulging bladder and her desperation.. she hasn’t peed in 2 hours since she was 3/10 full. Her 7/10 was painful.

ー Time Skip because I’m lazy. ー

An hour passed and pee was slowly dripping down the seat that Miyuki was sitting on. She had leaked twice.. Then a spurt that slowly grew to a stream, desperately out of control and growing into a river and then an ocean in a thunderstorm. She gasped at a very high pitch and clamped her hand to her mouth. Pee streamed down her chair and formed a river, dripping down the chairs edge. She desperately tried to stop the flow but she could not. No matter how hard she tried, it just kept coming. She rubbed her hand against her wet crotch. I hope you enjoyed!

*002*2021-01-04 14:07

I'm literal shit at algebra and math, so I honestly wouldn't know, but thanks for the correction!

