After the exam

Author: LemonadeTank

*000*2025-01-28 10:07

"Okay, time's up. Everyone, stop writing now!"

Anamika ignored the loud voice booming over the PA, her hand flowing over her rough sheet.

"...so 10x^3, and x = 2... ugh... 80!", she mumbled to herself as she filled in the final answer, throwing her head back in relief.

Handing in her paper, she wandered through the halls in a slight daze as she made her way to the exit.

It was like she'd attained some kind of nirvana; she could feel her tight blue jeans and her comfy tee on her tan skin, her glasses perched slightly wonky on the bridge of her nose, the light streaming through the exit ahead, the whispers of the crowd...

A "So! How'd it go, Ann?" greeted her as she stumbled out into the afternoon sun. After all, she was the class nerd, by far the brightest of her group.

"Well, I did have some difficulties on the 20th question, and then the 42nd, but I got them just before the invigilators snatched the paper" she giggled, "thankfully the rest of it went okayish."

"And by 'okayish', you of course mean you'll get 99 percentile. Suuuuure." interjected Kirti, rolling her eyes. Anamika and her had been besties for years now, and she knew exactly what the former meant when she talked about her exam scores.

She was in her usual dark skirt and white top, which she wore with surprising regularity.

"Hey, we don't know about that yet."

"Uhuh. Anyway, we going?"

Anamika's response was a blank stare.

"Huh? Going where?"

"Helloooo, Earth to Anamika? You literally said we were going to Crystal..."

Crystal Cafe was the duo's favourite haunt, a stone's throw from their coaching centre. From their exam centre in the suburbs, though, it was an hour's taxi ride.

"Oh, um, yeah. Sorry, I'm still a little dazed from the exam, hehe."

"...I just want to forget I ever wrote it."

"Damn, that bad?"

Kirti's gaze shifted a little, darting about the place.

"Let's just discuss it in the taxi, okay? ...I just wanna get out of here."

"R-Right."

Thankfully, the taxi wasn't far, parked just outside the centre gates. Soon, the two were on their way for about five minutes before they got stuck in what seemed to be an endless line of vehicles all heading back from the exam on the poor rural roads.

"Well, I guess we should have expected this."

Kirti was a little less calm about it. "Oh, for heaven's sake, this is why public transit exists, people..."

"We're in a taxi too, you know."

"Exactly. A thousand students come here to write this useless fucking exam and they can't even provide a shuttle to this centre in the middle of FREAKING NOWHERE!"

"Calm down now, bud." Anamika proffered her flask. "Here, have some water."

Kirti stared at it for a second. "Um... nah, I- I'm good." She looked away, staring angrily out the window.

"Okay, suit yourself." the other girl shrugged, opening the lid and chugging half of its contents. "Whew. Exams really make you forget everything about your body, huh?"

"Mmm."

An hour later, by the time they were supposed to arrive at the cafe, they had just gotten off the backstreets and onto the highway home.

Kirti was still moaning about the traffic.

"Ugghhhh... FINALLY, it's cleared up. Now for another hour's drive..."

Anamika didn't say much in response. While Kirti's complaining was getting on her nerves a little, the truth was she was also a little worried about another concern slowly brewing down below.

While she'd made sure to go before the three-hour exam, she was so dazed afterwards she had forgotten to empty herself before getting in the taxi. On the contrary, she'd drank even more water, nearly emptying her litre flask in the process. And it was all slowly adding to whatever was already in her bladder.

Thankfully, it was only a slight urge for now; she could definitely hold it until they got to the cafe.

Damn, she thought to herself, I guess exams really DO make you forget everything about your body.

While traffic on the main roads was unusually heavy, the driver had made some rather harrowing shortcuts in true Indian taxi driver fashion to completely skip the jams, leaving the girls at their stop after just under another hour.

"Ow..." Anamika groaned as she got out, rubbing the rear end of her jeans. "My butt hurts like hell."

"Tell me about it." Kirti said, paying the driver and walking away as the car sped off, "Who told him to drive THAT way? ...At least it's finally over. Now where's that damn cafe...?"

Crystal Cafe wasn't much of one, just a quiet little coffee house in an equally quiet little residential street. But their filter coffee was cheap and really hit the spot after a long day of memorising calculus.

Walking in, the duo ordered their usual of two coffees and a plate of onion pakodas which, they would assure anyone, were to die for.

"Haaaah..." Anamika sighed, settling into a creaky metal chair before wincing a little as a sharp twinge in her abdomen reminded her of her increasing need to pee. Perhaps it would be for the best if she made her way to the cafe's toilet before things got worse...

Kirti didn't seem to be much better off; she'd already dumped her bag on the seat and immediately stormed off towards it.

She returned barely a few moments later, much to the surprise of the girl still not fully settled into her chair.

"Well, that was quick."

"Goodness, no. I am NOT using that place, ew. I'll- I'll just wait until I get home."

"That bad?" Anamika was surprised. The cafe's toilet was generally pretty clean, at least by Kirti's standards. She couldn't begin to imagine what it might look like if even she was grossed out by it.

"You don't wanna know."

Well, shit, she thought. Guess I'll just have to hold it for now.

The coffees arrived a few minutes later, piping hot, with a side of crispy, flavourful pakodas. For a moment, all bathroom troubles were forgotten as they dug in.

"Heh... forgot how much better these taste after an exam."

"Even when you only did "okayish", Miss Topper?"

"Hey, you know I always say that until I get my resul- hey, those are mine!"

"Awww... cmon, I deserve this for how badly I did earlier."

About half an hour of light banter later, the food was done. Unfortunately for the two though, the coffee combined with the interlude meant that urine was now pumping into their bladders at an alarming rate.

"Ugh, I really need the restroom now..." Kirti groaned as she got up, "Is there another one around here I can use? I don't want to have to walk all the way home..."

"Yeah, same...", Anamika sheepishly admitted. "I kinda forgot to use the one back at the exam centre."

"There was one?! Dammit, I couldn't even find it! Damn those people and not putting up signs..."

"Wait... you're telling me you haven't gone since you left home?"

"Exactly! Ugh... let's just hurry and leave now, Ann. I don't want to think about this any longer."

Anamika was seriously impressed. She had a pretty large bladder and she knew it, but to hold it for the nearly seven hours it'd been since either of them had left home, drinking all the fluids she'd had, while also writing a major exam like that seemed almost an impossible feat to her.

A shiver ran down her spine just thinking about it.

"Do you... happen to have any places in mind, Kirti?"

"Places?"

"Um, well, you know..." she blushed, "a toilet somewhere?"

"Hmmm... Well, there's that one public toilet a few hundred metres away, then there's also something at Champa Park, I think."

"I see... wait, the park? That's... pretty far away."

"You got another option?"

"Ugh... fair enough, I guess."

"Look, I know you hate using these toilets, but your house is way too far away, girl. You're gonna have to deal with it this one time."

Anamika whimpered a little. She could feel her jeans digging into her abdomen, constricting the vestiges of a bladder bulge that was starting to form.

"I'll- okay, fine."

I really don't have a choice, she thought. It's this or my panties. And jeans.

While the toilet was, as Kriti mentioned, only about 200 metres away, it took the desperate girls nearly five minutes to walk there, though it felt like way longer.

"What?!" Kirti nearly shouted as they rounded the corner to the gigantic hole in the ground, helpfully surrounded by caution tapes, surrounding the entrance to the building.

"No good..." Anamika grimaced, "Perhaps a pipe burst or something."

"My pipes are just about to burst if I don't find somewhere to go NOW!" Kirti whispered angrily. "God... what the hell..."

"The park, then?"

No response.

"...Kirti?"

"Ah, n-nothing..."

"Are you okay?"

"Nngh... yeah. Let's- let's just go. Please."

Her face was suddenly beet red.

"What happened?"

"I... I think I leaked a little.", she whispered. "I don't know if I can make it to the park..."

"You have to!" Anamika whispered back, pushing her own bursting bladder to the back of her mind for her friend. "Come on, let's hurry!"

"Aaah- yes, yes, I'm coming!..." Kirti replied, hobbling away after her friend.

Fortunately, the duo reached the park without further incident.

"Haaah... quick... toilet, toilet..."

"Um, Kirti...?"

"Ya?"

"Where *is* the toilet in this place anyway?"

Kirti suddenly stopped.

"Fuck."

"...um..."

"There isn't one, is there? I FUCKING HALLUCINATED one, didn't I?"

"I- I'm sure it's just over-"

"No..." Kirti continued. "There literally isn't one in this park. I mixed it up with something else... God I'm such an idiot."

"So, um... what to do then?" Anamika replied, her own hopes for a clean place to relieve herself dashed too.

"Do me a favour."

"Huh?"

"Keep watch."

"Wait, what? You aren't planning to..."

"Oh yes, I am." She handed Anamika her bag, her eyes teary and her long hair slick with sweat. "Be right back."

"You- you can't be serious! Ou-"

Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted her friend dash over to the far corner of the park, barely visible behind some convenient trees.

"Oh, for fuck's sake..." she dashed over, noticing an intermittent trail of droplets on the ground. On cue, she let out a barely audible moan as her urethra spasmed, as if trying to add to the trail.

At its end was Kirti, who was now desperately crouching down to the ground against a wall, her skirt hitched up as she tugged her black panties out of the way. Before Anamika could say anything, her bursting friend's floodgates finally opened, unleashing her raging torrent all over the park wall.

"HSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS"

"Aaaaah.... oh god... haaaaaaaaaaaaaa..."

She quickly turned around, both to keep watch and because she knew full well she'd probably lose it if she watched any more of that. As it was, the sounds of Kirti's hissing pee and her moans of relief were pure torture to her now maddeningly full bladder.

Verifying that no one was around, she quickly hunched over, burying one hand in her crotch in an attempt to keep her pent-up flood at bay, her face flushing with embarrassment and exertion.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, she heard Kirti's stream taper off behind her.

"Ugh..." her friend whimpered, "my underwear's soaked..."

"I can give you some wipes if that'll help." Anamika straightened up. Her stoic facade was slipping fast, but it was still there all right.

"Mmm. By the way, I can keep watch too if you w-..."

"N-No, I'll... find somewhere else." Desperate as she was, peeing outside was still not an option in Anamika's mind. She was a grown woman, now, after all, not some little girl who couldn't hold her pee in for a couple hours.

"Are you sure? It looks pretty bad." Now it was Kirti's turn to be concerned.

"Nah, I think I can make it home. It's just... 15 minutes away..."

Kirti resigned herself to the fact there was no convincing her friend in times like this.

"Fine. But I'm calling you an auto. No way you're taking a bus in this state."

Anamika nodded, her mind too preoccupied with keeping the brimming reservoir of urine within her out of her underwear.

She bit her lip, her legs doing a little jig as she tried her best not to hold herself.

Thankfully for her, the tides of her luck seemed to be turning as not only was there an auto nearby, which Kirti had generously paid for in advance, but traffic was light and she was back home in just 10 minutes.

Those 10 minutes, though, felt like an absolute eternity for the bursting girl as she had to sit perfectly still in the backseat, lest the driver catch notice of her desperation. With every bump in the road, she desperately rubbed her legs together as she felt her waters inch closer and closer to the lips of her pussy, which was beginning to twitch as fresh pee continued to pour into her bursting bladder.

Finally, though, she was back home. Giving the driver an agonized thanks, she stepped out, wincing again as she straightened up.

HSSZ-

'Ah, no, no!", she looked down, mortified, her hand rocketing to her crotch as she felt a warm wetness in her underwear. This feeling was only compounded when she realised the driver of the auto was still there, giving her a puzzled look.

Thinking quickly, she reached for the pocket of her jeans, pretending to have lost and then "found" her phone there. "Whew. Um, nothing. Just checking for this...", she bluffed awkwardly, holding it out.

The driver nodded and sped off.

Whew, close call, she thought to herself. Now to get back in and-

"Ah!-" she gasped as another spurt found its way through her quivering pussy, a clear indication she didn't have much time left before the rest of the contents of her bladder did the same.

Hobbling towards her door, she checked her jeans for damage. Thankfully none just yet, though it was only a matter of time before further leaks would change that.

She reached the door and rang the bell. No response.

She rang it again. Still nothing.

"Come oooonnnnn! Is no one home or what?!" she almost sobbed as she felt a third leak escape into her panties, which were no doubt thoroughly soaked by now.

Then she remembered; indeed, no one was home. And no one would be for the next two hours as both her parents were at work.

Thankfully, they had a policy of leaving the key in the shoe rack, and despite her desperation, Anamika managed to grab it and unlock the door in a matter of seconds, flinging her bag aside as she ran for her bathroom.

Once inside, she realised something:

She'd have to remove her belt and trousers to use the toilet. The belt and trousers currently positioned directly over her brimming bladder.

"Ugh..." she moaned, "I should've just worn a skirt today, like Kriti..."

Tugging on her belt only constricted her bladder further, penalising her with yet another jet of pee into her saturated panties that added a coin-sized wet spot to the crotch of her jeans.

"No, please! I'm- I'm so close!"

Finally, she ripped her belt out, doubling over in sheer desperation as she unbuttoned her jeans and kicked them out across her room. Now all that stood between her tortured floodgates and the toilet were a pair of red cotton panties, now dripping with her pee.

Now that her jeans were off, though, Anamika was almost frozen in awe by the sheer size of the protrusion in her abdomen, bulging out several centimetres as if she'd swallowed a volleyball.

She couldn't help but stroke it, marvelling at its hardness. Now that her toilet was right in front of her, it was like she'd entered a reverie, not unlike the daze she was in after the exam.

The exam... it all seemed so long ago. All the liquid she'd consumed since... the whole litre of water, whatever extra she'd had before, the coffee at the cafe... all of it was now contained in that bulge, bearing down on her quivering pussy with such pressure... giving her this indescribable feeling. What was this feeling anyway? Mostly pain, but it also felt... pleasurable? Why? Why did she suddenly feel lik-

She gasped, feeling more spurts of pee gush out through her panties, running down her dark, naked legs onto the floor. This time, though, she couldn't stop it. It was all finally coming out.

Her knees wobbled and she felt lightheaded as she turned and crashed onto the toilet, finally releasing the full might of the ocean inside, as pee flowed out of her tortured urethra into the toilet below like a river meeting the sea.

The relief was orgasmic, and Anamika moaned in delight as she felt her bladder finally deflate. Every time her stream felt like it was tapering off, it renewed itself with vigour as her relief went on and on for a minute and a half.

Finally, it was all over.

Suddenly, she realised she'd forgotten to take her panties off.

Reaching down to her pussy, though, her relief was overridden by a sudden unquenchable desire to touch herself. It was like the sight of her pussy and panties sopping wet, dripping with her own pee, had awakened something within her...

She stuck her fingers in, her arousal being so great that it took barely a few seconds until she was convulsing in pure pleasure, her moans ringing through the empty house as her waters of relief and pleasure mingled in her ruined panties.

Exhausted, Anamika stripped them off and inspected the damage. Her jeans had a tiny wet spot on them, but that would dry soon enough. Her panties, though... Yeah, she'd have to wash them before her parents got back.

She sighed, slumping back against the toilet she was still sitting on. What a day.

Later that night...

"hey ann"

It was Kirti.

"yea?"

"did u make it ok?"

Behind the screen, Anamika flashed herself a bittersweet grin.

"you bet i did, buddy."

