Pokemon Sun and Moon one-shot

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-11-10 19:24

Hi everyone. It's been a minute! I really want to write right now and with my AO3 presence being entirely sfw I figured I'd come back here. There is underage drinking in this so be warned. This takes place in the same universe as an AO3 fic I'm writing (spoilers for that if you read it or have interest in reading it)

###

The 4 friends sat around the fire. It had been nearly 5 years since the island challenge, and this was the first big event with all 4 of them present. Between Lillie's hunt for her mother's cure and Moon's week-long disappearance which led to months of recovery, they all had a lot on their plate. Thankfully, they had each other through it all. There was a moment of silence as Moon smiled a devious smile.

"Hey guys, you're never going to believe what I found on the beach last night." Moon lifted a green bottle from her bag. At first, they thought it was soda, but the label said otherwise. Moon had found a bottle of beer. "But that's not all!" Moon drew out 3 more bottles of beer.

"Ok?" Gladion was the first to talk. He seemed completely unfazed. The look on his face was in very stark contrast to the look of horror on his sister's. It made sense. Team skull were a group of rebellious teens, of course they drank. Lillie stared at the bottle, mouth agape in shock.

"Moon! Throw them away!" Lillie stressed. Moon just laughed at her panic. Lillie gave her the meanest look she could manage, which only made Moon laugh even harder. "You know what? Fine. I can be cool." Lillie snatched the bottle from Moon's hand, gulping the whole thing down in a matter of seconds. It was now everyone else's turn to be horrified.

"Are you ok!?" Moon panicked. Lillie's face scrunched up like it was the worst thing she had ever tasted. She downed her entire water bottle to get the awful taste out of her mouth. "Um! Shit, I wasn't actually going to drink any!"

"Guys, stay calm. All that's going to happen is that she's going to act weird, maybe vomit, and feel a bit bad tomorrow." Gladion placed a hand on each of their shoulders. He turned to Lillie. "I'm sorry if you felt pressured to drink that. I really don't think you will like it and I should've said something."

"I mean, we have to commit now I guess." Hau picked one up off the ground and chugged it as well. He didn't seem to mind the taste as much as Lillie. "Wow that wasn't actually that bad." Moon picked up a green bottle and examined it.

"No. I refuse to be the only sober one here." Gladion stole the remaining bottles and shoved them in his bag. Moon sighed a sigh of relief. "I'll look after Hau tonight."

"I've got Lillie." Moon looked apologetically at Lillie. Her face seemed redder than usual, but Moon figured it was just the fire. She began to think of where they would go. Moon's house was out of the question, her mother would kill them for even finding the drinks. Lillie noticed the girl's stressing. Lillie pulled Moon into a hug, made warmer by the fire next to them. "I'm sorry, Lils, that was dumb. I'm sorry for laughing at you. Got any ideas of where we can go?"

"We could go to the lab. Professor Burnet won't care too much." Lillie suggested. It seemed to Moon like their only option. As they walked towards the lab, Lillie noticed an odd dryness in her throat. She also felt a pretty strong pain in her bladder. She already had to pee before she drank the beer, and it seemed the water she just drank and the alcohol were hitting her hard. "Hey Moon, I really have to pee." Lillie slurred, openly squirming. If she was sober, she would be so humiliated.

"You think you can make it to the lab?" Moon looked at her, concerned. Lillie seemed to think for a moment, crossing and uncrossing her legs as she did so. The more Lillie just stood there, the more time she was wasting.

"Maybe. Let's keep going." Lillie walked a little faster, but this caused her to trip. She fell on her chest, flipping up her skirt and exposing her white panties to Moon. Moon tried not to look, but saw them get a little darker out of the corner of her eye. She helped her drunk friend up and put Lillie's arm around her shoulder. After a finally getting to route one, Lillie doubled over once more. She grabbed desperately at her crotch. "Moon, I don't know if I'll make it."

"If you need to just pop a squat in some tall grass, let me know." Moon offered. Lillie looked mortified at the idea. Of course she did, she was still Lillie. Her body language betrayed her, however, as the way she was grabbing herself with her free hand showed how desperate she was. Moon swore she saw a couple drops on her hand. "How are you holding up?"

"Everything feels... slow? I don't know. I feel like I'm about to explode." Lillie tried to stay calm. The two continued walking. Moon could see very clearly that her hand was soaked. Moon felt her own bladder protest a little bit at her own lack of relief.

"Ok, final stretch. It's just this ledge left and then we can go inside." Moon assured the panicking girl.

"Yeah... The ledge..." Lillie looked very nervous. Moon hopped down first, holding out her arms to catch Lillie. Lillie successfully jumped into her arms, knocking the two over. They seemed to be alright, but the panicked whimpers and sharp hissing Moon heard told her she had another problem. It wasn't long before she felt warm liquid hit her legs. Moon's own bladder let out a long spurt. It was hard to get control of.

"I-I'm so sorry! I thought- I don't know! You can use my shower!" Lillie profusely apologized as she stumbled away from Moon. It looked as if Lillie had fended off the flood, but she was still very clearly struggling. She looked to be crying.

"No, it's kinda my fault. Let's get you inside." Moon stood up, helping Lillie walk towards the lab. They got up the stairs with some difficulty, pushing open the door. Professor Burnet stared at them, confused.

"B-Bathroom!" Lillie exclaimed. A look of pity crossed Burnet's face as she grabbed a towel and tossed it to Moon. Moon gave it to Lillie to hold under her as they shambled to the bathroom as fast as they could. Lillie was clearly thankful to avoid dirtying the floor. As soon as they got into the bathroom, Lillie knew it was a lost cause. She took about 2 steps before her exhausted bladder gave up. Moon helped her into the shower before too much piss hit the floor.

The relief Lillie was experiencing seemed almost orgasmic. Lillie didn't even try to stifle the moans and whimpers that came out of her as her face got even redder. It was too much for Moon. She couldn't even get her shorts off by the time her own bladder gave up as well. By the time she got into the shower, her panties were fully saturated. Moon's was somehow the first stream to stop, but Lillie's was still going strong. Moon held the blonde up, making sure she didn't fall as her legs seemed to give out. It took another minute before Lillie's stream slowed to a stop.

"T-Thank you..." Lillie sighed. The girls took off their soiled clothing and turned on the water.

"Of course." Moon squeezed her hand. The water hit them, and Moon already began to feel cleaner. She decided that washing her hair could wait till morning. She pumped some body wash into her hand and began applying it to her whole body. Lillie struggled to do the same. It must have been 5 attempts before Moon cleared her throat. "Do you want me to get that?" Lillie nodded her head. Moon began to clean her friend.

"You're pretty." Lillie smiled at Moon as she cleaned up the drunk girl. Moon must have blushed redder than Hau's Incineroar. She looked up, only to see Lillie staring directly at her chest. She knew alcohol could remove people's inhibition, but she was surprised at what it got even Lillie to do. They finished cleaning up, and they shambled towards Lillie's sleeping area. Moon threw on some random clothes of hers that had been left there from her last visit. Lillie managed to put on a shirt before collapsing onto her bed. Moon climbed in next to her. Lillie brought her into a hug. "Love you."

"I love you too." Moon sighed as she hugged the blonde girl in return. Lillie was out cold in a matter of seconds. Moon swiftly joined her.

###

So technically they would be dating right now according to the fic but like... Idk I forgot that and don't feel like re-writing it so yeah. Full disclosure, I don't drink, so I had to reference a lot of how my friends act and Google. Hope you guys liked it, I know it was fun to write.

