Riding out a Blizzard in Diapers

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*000*2017-11-10 19:33

So I just had one of my more creative fantasies and wanted to get into writing before I lost it. Never written anything outside of class so feedback is appreciated especially with dialogue.

Monday

Alex had just gotten off the phone with her uncle Lewis after his too late warning about the storm hitting early. She was there to close down the small upper Midwestern towns pharmacy/24 hour store that her uncle owned, and now it looked like she was going to be the ride out crew whether she liked or not as the blizzard was just now kicking into high gear. Still it wasn't all bad, the internet was still up and Uncle Lewis had said she could have what ever she wanted food and drink wise from the store/cafe, including the liquor case. "So it looks like it's going to be several days of bagel bites, Bad Ass & Goat(the local craft brewery that tried way to hard to be edgy with their marketing), and Netflix." she thought to herself. Just then the lights flickered and went out for about 15 seconds before the backup batteries and CNG generator kicked in.

Grateful that her Uncle was big on energy independence(part of his unique centrist brand of libertarianism) it was just enough to keep everything going although the load from central heat was causing some strain. After checking on the generator, she went to grab one of the air mattresses and a blanket from the small camping, hunting and fishing section and setting up a little nest in the break room. Stripping down to her underwear Alex crawled into bed and called it a night. When she woke up the next morning she pulled on her flannel shirt because it was a little cold before heading to the bathroom. "No pants at work? fuck yeah ride out crew is the best" she thought to herself grinning. Her attitude quickly changed when she saw that the pipes had burst overnight flooding both bathrooms........

*001*2017-11-10 20:53

Tuesday

8:23 am

Alex frantically called her uncle to report the damage explaining what had happened, he reassured her that the insurance would take care of it and that she wasn't in trouble over it, they talked about how things were otherwise for a bit before Alex raised the question she had been thinking of for several minutes but had been dreading asking "So what should I do about... you know, the bathroom situation?"

"Well the storms to bad for any one to come and get you and the bathrooms are both shot so... Look I know your going to hate this but, your best bet is to grab something from the incontinence aisle and use that."

"Seriously what the fuck dude, you want me to wear a god damn diaper?!!"

"Sorry Ali but I don't know what else to tell you, I figure it beats pissing your pants"

"I'll thank about it, sorry I snapped Big L"

"It's Okay love you Ali, stay safe." Alex's uncle hangs up the phone leaving her alone with her rapidly filling bladder....

*002*2017-11-11 06:26

Around elevenish Alex was becoming increasingly desperate, she hadn't peed since last night and was jittery along with a building sensation in her crotch signalling she really needed to go. Finally she ran down into the incontinence supply aisle.

"God am I actually going to do this?" She thought about using some of the bed pads but that seemed just as bad as the diapers. Finally reacting without thinking she yanked down her panties kicking them aside before grabbing a big pack of medical looking diapers and ripped it open, before realizing she had no idea how put a diaper on. Thinking quickly she dropped it onto the floor before popping a squat over it. Face flushed crimson Alex's poor bladder lost the battle and she released a steady stream onto the diaper a few splashes went wide but the absorbent padding took the brunt of it. Embarrassed Alex grabbed one of the packs of wet wipes cleaned off her crotch and legs and tossed them onto the diaper before going to grab some paper towels for the floor.

*004*2017-11-11 18:35

Alex stood staring at the row of "emergency toilet underwear" as she preferred to think of it. "I guess I'm really doing this? I mean it's not like I've got a lot of options other than freezing my junk off pissing in a blizzard. So is that how they do it in Antarctic expeditions, diapers? Wouldn't they get super cold and clammy after a while? What the hell happens if they leek? It's not like there are laundromats in the middle of Antarctica... Ewww do not want.....(This is one of many things Alex had discovered in her twenty something years of existence should not be thought about)"

Alex recognized that doing her business in the diaper was paradoxically the rational adult decision under these circumstances, but that still didn't get rid of the sociocultural baggage and emotional hangups, she wasn't a Vulcan after all. Alex then chuckled to herself at mental image of a diapered Vulcan. "Getting into rule 34 territory there girl, bail out before to it's to late" chuckling to herself some more. "Right, okay no more stalling" Alex picked out a pack of the depends silhouettes max because they seemed to look the most like normal underwear, if a bit granniesh and with a weird padded crotch. Steeling herself Alex ripped open the pack and pulled out one of the black colored ones before sliding it up her legs. "Okay this is so weird it's like I've got a crinkly floofy brick stuffed up against my equipment. I think I deserve a German breakfast after this weirdness." Alex thought to herself as she headed to the beer cooler.

*007*2017-11-11 20:13

{{10 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was great

}}

It's not over yet Alex is going to be "stuck" on ride out crew for at least a week. ;)

*008*2017-11-11 21:00

About an hour after her German breakfast, brunch?; the two beers she had drunk were hitting Alex's bladder. "Well delaying this is only going to make things more uncomfortable." Alex tried to relax her bladder but found she couldn't go "Okay so I just need to relax and let it happen. I'm not some five year old having an accident and making a mess of my clothes and the floor, I'm an adult who wisely chose to use this special wearable toilet underwear because the normal toilets are broken." Pushing with her pelvic muscles Alex managed to get a small squirt out that was quickly absorbed but couldn't get a full stream going. Blushing Alex decided a more natural position would help and once again popped a squat.

Releasing a few tentative spurts Alex decided that she could trust her new underwear and let go completely, flooding it as she a felt a warm yet strangely, distant?, heat envelope her crotch. "Wow that is hella weird, but strangely not horrible." The now spent underwear sagged noticeably between her legs instinctively she pulled it up and felt a wetness press into her crotch and the swollen absorbent layer try to push her legs apart "Huh, now it's a soggy semi-rigid brick." Alex went over to the large break room trash before tearing the quick release tabs and tossing the spent "toilet underwear" in, glad that she had left her jeans off to avoid getting any potential leeks on them. After wiping herself off Alex put a clean pair on, purple for variety reasons. She then spent the rest of her day sans pants in just a tank top and special underwear, figuring it was more comfortable and convenient since she had the whole store to herself.

*011*2017-11-12 00:08

After dinner and changing into her third pair of briefs that day Alex went and settled down for a couple hours of Netflix before falling a sleep in her underwear and t-shirt. Some time around 2 a.m. Alex awoke groggy, confused and needing to pee. She started to get up to use the bathroom before remembering where she was and that she was in fact wearing the toilet. “Well I suppose that’s one perk to this whole situation, I get to pee without getting out of my warm comfy bed….. and I think It just got warmer.” Alex giggled to herself as she drifted back to sleep the now swollen undies encasing her privates.

*013*2017-11-12 00:39

{{11 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Sounds like she's having a blast

}}

Yeah Alex dosen't realize it but she's quickly developing a thing for diapers

*015*2017-11-12 06:03

Wednesday

6:50 a.m.

That morning Alex woke up to a pullup that was wet for a very different reason. “Well I haven’t rubbed one out since Sunday and I’ve already peed in this thing so why not use it for another body function…” Alex slid a hand down into her underwear feeling the moisture on her lips as she used her palm to stimulate her now very erect clit while her middle and index fingers worked their way in and out of her as she lazily circled her right nipple with the fingers of her other hand. After about five or ten minutes her breathing became short and rapid as she had a small orgasm. Warm, groggy, and very comfortable Alex certainly didn’t feel like getting out of bed for her morning pee; she didn’t even bother moving as her undies got warm and wet for the second time that morning while she drifted back to sleep.

*017*2017-11-12 19:40

When Alex awoke for the second time that morning about an hour later it was to a somewhat wet bed. Her underwear had leaked at the leg openings and a pool had formed around her backside; extending down to her thighs and up to her lower back soaking the bottom of her t-shirt “Ah shit! Well no use getting upset over what’s already happened. Still I was having such a nice morning, now I got to clean the stupid mattress.” A mildly annoyed Alex proceed to get cleaned up and changed, grimacing as she tried to avoid having the wet shirt touch her hair, before going over the air mattress with some paper towels and Lysol spray. She then went to grab a thing of laundry detergent and tried to wash her shirt in the sink as best as she could before placing it on a chair to dry. Alex wasn’t quite ready to attempt workplace nipple liberation, so she put her sports bra back on with her flannel worn open over it for warmth.

*018*2017-11-12 20:21

Alex had just finished making herself a sizable breakfast of hash-browns, eggs, pancakes and bacon on the cafe’s griddle when her uncle called. “Hey Big L”

“Hey Ali, how are you?”

“Not too bad, I didn’t burn down the store making breakfast so that’s a win.”

“Heheheh! You were always a better cook than me or your aunt.” They made small talk for another twenty minutes “So Ali, I don’t mean to be weird or pry, but I’ve got to put my “Dad Hat” on and ask; did you figure out the toilet situation?” A brief awkward silence then “Yeah I’ve been using the ‘emergency toilet underwear’ like you suggested…” Lewis let out a loud belly laugh “I always love the names you come up with for things Ali; I’m really impressed without how maturely you’ve handled this whole wonderlandesc situation.”

“Yeah once you get over the whole strangeness of, your underwear is the toilet, it’s surprisingly okay and it was actually kind’a nice to be able to pee this morning without having to get out bed. At least until I woke back up and realized the stupid thing had leaked…” Lewis lets out another laugh before Alex joins in “Maybe, I’ll bring some home for you to wear on the weekends?”

“I think it’d be cute to see you coming down to breakfast wearing your padded ‘special underwear’.”

“Oh god L, don’t even joke” Alex and Lewis laugh some more “Now that I’ve been reassured that this experience hasn’t been overly traumatic, I want to ask you something Ali, I hate to ask this but, well here’s the situation….”

*020*2017-11-14 01:25

“As you may have noticed there’s a lull in the storm today, but it’ll pick back up by around nine or ten tonight, after that it’ll probably not stop until around Sunday or Monday. We can get you out of there now, but I have to admit I feel a lot better with somebody on site to watch the store….. Would you be willing to stay put till Monday? You’ve already hit forty hours so it’ll all be overtime.” Alex thought for a moment, it had been a little boring after the first day and doing her business in her pants was strange, but she was getting oddly comfortable with it. It didn’t hurt that her uncle was very generous with paying his employees, $17.50 starting + benefits, having worked there since high school she was up to $19.75. Seventy-two hours+ of overtime at that rate was a lot of money for a college student. “Yeah I’ll do it Big L”

“Thanks a lot Ali, you’re a trooper.”

“Oh, one other thing; Riley’s going to be coming out on her snowmobile with some supplies and a couple changes of clothes. See you Monday kiddo.” As the snow fell gently onto the ground in the parking lot Alex watched from the counter sipping her second coffee. Her thoughts turned to her girlfriend and how much fun it was going to be having four days alone with her to do whatever they want. Alex blushed as her flushed, warm, wet lips rubbed against her special panties.

“What the hell it’s not like I’ve got anything better to do.” Alex quickly dropped her underwear bent forward over the counter and proceeded to give her very aroused sex a thorough finger blasting. Minutes later a now satiated Alex basked in the after glow of her second trip to O-town that morning, a satisfied grin on her face, as the snow continued to fall. After another minute her sex became warm and wet again for an entirely different reason as she let out a contented sigh, sipping her coffee, continuing to watch the snow fall.

*022*2017-11-14 06:09

Twenty minutes later the rumble of an engine could be heard as a snowmobile pulled up into the parking lot, a person gets off walks up to the main doors and uses a key to let themselves in. Their wearing a one-piece snow suit in a gold and red fractal pattern, their face is hidden by a white full-face helmet, they lower a pair of duffel bags to the floor.

“RILEYYYYY!!!!” Alex let’s out a joyful squee and runs toward her girlfriend. The snow suited figure pulls off her helmet and ski mask revealing a young woman; her shoulder length brownish blond hair tied back in a braid, is slightly messy and frizzy from being under the helmet. Her face lightly tanned and wind burned from the outdoors, has a smattering of freckles that combined with her grin and the glint of mirth in her striking green eyes completes the picture of youthful vitality. She braces herself using years of practice of from lacrosse and wrestling, as Alex tries to monkey tackle her out of excitement. Alex wraps her legs around Riley’s waist and Riley’s arms wrap around her, one arm going just below her shoulders, the other reaching down to cup her padded bum.

“Miss me, Ali?” Alex leans in and Frenches Riley. “That much, huh?” Riley still grinning sets Alex down gently “By the way love the whole open shirt over special undies look, very cute. Although it seems like you had more clothes earlier?” Riley says in a mischievous and humorous tone as Alex blushes. “This is so embarrassing but I kind of leaked this morning and my t’s currently drying.” Alex stammered “And are you wet now?” Riley teasingly asks as she places a hand down the front of Alex’s undies feeling her still pee damp sex. “Eep!”

“So, is this from earlier or were you just that excited to see me?” Alex’s face once again turns crimson “Maybe a little of both?” She jokes back out of instinct her mind boggling at the idea of a diaper check as flirting? Possibly foreplay? “And it’s look like you’re now getting even wetter.” Riley said as she stuck her middle finger inside Alex massaging her now very wet vagina before removing hand and leaving a now extremely horny and flustered Alex standing there to compose herself.

