Jen and Amelie. Lesbian

Author: Lesbianomogirl

*000*2020-04-13 22:33

As a lesbian I find it hard to find much content based on two adult women together. So I decided to try writing one. I don't have much experience with writing. So feel free to give advice.

It all started with a add on craigslist. "Looking for a live in female slave, for a female master. You will get a $1000 a month allowance, in return your body belongs to me and you will give up all autonomy". I read it and was tempted that's a lot of money and part of me was interested in giving another women that control over me. I replied back to her and she organised for me to fly out the next week.

Not long later I found myself on the flight. She had booked first class tickets. The first time in my life I had flyed first class. I enjoyed the free drinks and comfortable seats and tried to ignore the feeling of apprehension that was building in my stomach. The time came to depart the plane. I looked around the arrivals lounge to see if I could see any sign of her. Then I saw a thin blonde haired women in a tailored suit holding a sign with my name "Amelie". I walked over to her. "Hello Dr D'epifanio", I said. "Call me Jen" her voice was low and musical. She took my hand and guided me outside to her car. I don't know much about cars but I could tell hers was expensive.

We got back to her place and she started making us dinner. Stir fried vegetables. She told me about herself as she cooked. That she was a lecturer at the local university. That her parents had disowned her when she came out as gay. She served us food as started to discuss her expectations of me as her slave. I started to understand she would be pushing me to my limits. But she established a robust safeword system. Telling me if anything was a limit to use the word red, if I was uncomfortable use the word orange and if I was happy use the word green. She seemed to know what she was doing and I felt like I could trust her.

I fell asleep on her couch and in a sleepy haze awoke to find her lifting me up and carrying me to her bed. As soon as my head hit the pillow I fell asleep. When I awoke the next day she had made me breakfast in bed. It crossed my mind being a slave to such a caring master could be quite a nice experience. While we eat she explained the plans for the day. She was going to go to work but would only be gone an hour or two. While she was at work she was going to leave me tied to her bed. She explained the idea of having me completely reliant on her for all my needs while I was tied up turned her on.

I saw no harm in that so agreed. She tied my hands and feet to the bed. She then went into the wardrobe and brought out a puppy pad, you use to toilet train a puppy. Then positioned that under me. I asked her what the pad was for. She told me just in case I need the toilet when she is gone. I blushed bright red but figured she is only going to be gone a hour or two it will be fine. She turned on the TV for me to watch then left.

The first couple of hours went by quickly. I was happy watching the cartoons she had put on and knew she wouldn't be long. But soon after I started to get worried worrying where she was. I had pins and needles in my arms and she still hadn't turned up. It went past mid day. I started to feel the need to use the toilet now. I wasn't sure how long I could hold it. I was starting to get annoyed and upset she wasn't back yet. My bladder got fuller and fuller. A lump starting to form were my bladder was. I felt myself on the verge of tears. I knew if she didn't come soon I would have a accident. My movement was restricted I couldn't even hold myself to contain the flood inside me. Finally my bladder gave up. It came rushing out of me. My trouser and pad got soaked. I lay there in shame dreading her return feeling my accident turn cold.

I heard her walk into the room. She looked at my wet eyes and the puddle on the bed. "Shush your okay darlin" she says to me sitting on the side of the bed starting to undo the rope. I feel her massage my numb hands for a few minutes. Then she moved onto untying my feet.

"What's your colour" She asks me. Humiliated I choke out "Amber, Jen I'm all wet". Jen softly strokes my hair for a few minutes. "Don't worry love we can soon fix that" she whispers in my ear and then leaves the room returning with a bowl of soapy water, she put the bowl on the floor next to my bed and gets another pad out of the wardrobe and a pair of pyjamas. I feel her pull of my wet pants and my eyes sting with shame. I see her get a sponge and start cleaning me up gently with the warm water. Once I am mostly clean she pulls the soiled pad from under me and puts the clean one in its place. She then drys me off and pulls some clean pants back on me.

I can barely look at her when she is doing this. Once she is finished. She climbs on the bed and pulls me into a cuddle. I can't resist and rest against her. I asked her why she was gone so long. She tells me after kissing my forehead that it was the start of my training.

*003*2020-04-17 14:20

I have already started the second part of the story. I will post it ASAP

*004*2020-04-18 18:02

The second part is now complete

We cuddle for some time but eventually I start to get restless. “Jen can we go out”. I ask. She looks up at me, I realise she looks tired, but she nods. “We can go out for dinner she says, just give me a minute to get ready”.

“Oh, where are we going do I need to get changed" I ask. She walks towards the bathroom with some clothes and looks back at me with those glittering eyes. “I will dress you”. I sit on the bed and wait for her to finish getting ready. I look around the bedroom. She is neat to a perfectionist level. There is little personalisation in this room. Even the sheets are plain and grey. A crimson tinge comes to my cheeks when I think how close I must have come to soaking her seats. I look to the pad underneath me obviously there in case of another accident. I stand up pick up and walk to the bin and stuff it in. That won’t be needed, I think.

Jen comes out. She looks good. Dressed slightly more casually then normal in a white shirt and black jeans she still looked smart and intimidating. She glances over at me sizing me up then out of the wardrobe she brings out a black dress and heels. They were not the clothes I had brought with me.

Jen strides up to me and very gently starts undressing me. Until I am standing naked in front of her. I shiver slightly feeling vulnerable. Jen’s fingers gently caress my body sliding down my exposed breasts making a trail down to my stomach were they abruptly stop. I feel myself get wet down there. I want to feel more of her touch. She gently puts her hands on my hips and turns my body around and uses my position to help me into the dress she had brought over. Guiding me to step into the dress and then easing the zip up. “I didn’t see you as the type to wear dresses” I asked her.

“I’m not. When you agreed to come over, I bought you a whole new wardrobe.” Jen replied “Now step into these”

I turn and look and see she has some panties in her hand. She bends down guides them over my feet and pull them up. There silky coolness feels good against my wetness. She helps me with the heels to and then she has me by the hand and we are leaving.

It feels good to be leaving her apartment. I had only been there for one day and I had already been going stir crazy. We walk to her car hand in hand and then she opens the door for me to sit in the passenger seat. She gets in and starts driving. I ask her where we are going. She smiles towards me “a surprise, somewhere special”. We drive for a long time after half an hour I ask. “Jen are we nearly there”. She laughs and tells me to just enjoy the ride.

She pulls into carpark after an hours driving. I recognise the name as one of those celebrity chiefs you see on TV. I undo my seatbelt and start to get out. “Wait” Jen exclaims.

I turn to look at her. I ask her what’s wrong. For the first time I see Jen look shy. She puts her hand in her pocket. “Will you do something for me”. At this point in time I was willing to do anything. My attraction for her had been growing greater and greater. I was still wet down there for her. “If I put a diuretic into your drink during dinner will you drink it. It turns me on to see you desperate” she said. I was willing to do anything for her. Except that.

“I don’t feel comfortable with that, especially after my accident earlier” I told her. She looked disappointed and she turned a slight red colour. “I enjoyed helping you after you had your accident” she confessed. This shocked me. I felt a few feelings run through me, shame, confusion, arousal. “Just desperate no more accidents?” I clarify. She grins and pulls a box out of her pocket, “just desperate”, she shows me the box I can see it is a diuretic. “Order whatever drink you like inside and I will add a sachet” she advises me. I nod my understanding and we go in.

The inside of the restaurant looks classy. We wait to be seated. Jen slips her hand inside mine as we wait. I feel my stomach lurch and a new dampness downstairs. I really like her I realise. A waiter comes over and guides us to our seat. I look over the menu and feel a brief panic. I can’t afford this. Seafood meals in the double figures. Expensive wine. I have never even set foot in a place like this. Then I relax and remember Jen is taking care of it. “Jen I have never tried seafood before”.

She glances at me and smiles warmly.

“I will order for you darlin”.

She then gestures for the waiter to come over. She orders us both a bottle of wine to share and lobster. A quick glance at the menu lets me know the wine is one of the more expensive ones on the menu. The waiter brings over our glasses and pours the crimson liquid in to each glass and then leaves the remainder of the wine on the table. Jen reaches over and takes my glass. As promised, she adds the diuretic and hands it back. I take a sip. For someone with no knowledge of wine it tastes good I can’t taste any medicine in it. I finish my first glass before the food comes out.

Jen pours me another drink. I sip this one slowly while we talk. I am curious to know more about Jen. I notice she is drinking her own drink slowly. Our food is brought out. I take my first bite of lobster and my face screws up in disgust. Jen noticing my face laughs. “Not for you?” she asks. I shake my head no. She offers to order me another meal. But I just don’t fancy eating anymore seafood after trying the lobster. I concentrate on my second drink while I wait for her to finish her meal. I start to feel a bit of pressure in my bladder while I waited. I finish my second drink. Jen asked me if I wanted another. I was starting to feel lightheaded from the wine and lack of food. “I need some water I think” Jen nods and calls a waiter over. “Are you feeling okay” She asks me.

“A little dizzy” I answer honestly. Jen asks the waiter for some water and tells me “I’m nearly finished eating. Have some water now and we will stop of somewhere and get you some food on the way home” I easily agree with this.

I drink my water. I feel myself starting to fidget. The diuretic Jen gave me was starting to kick in. I keep drinking but I was starting to feel the need to pee even more. Jen couldn’t keep her eyes of me. The more fidgety I was the more intently Jen watched. “I finished eating are you ready to go find some food you actually like”. I downed the rest of my water and nod. It crosses my mind to go to the toilet before we leave. But I decide against it. I love the way Jen is watching me and I figured I can hold it.

“Can i get some McDonalds chips” I ask when were both sitting in her car. Again she laughs. A sound I was beginning to love. “I should have just taken you there in the first place”. She starts driving. My desperation was starting to build. I reassure myself with the thought I can use the McDonalds toilet. I feel the pressure building and discreetly place my hand between my legs. Feeling some relief when I see us pulling up to the big yellow sign.

Jen then pulls into the drive through. “Are we not going inside” I ask.

“Its easier just to go through the drive through” I was sure I could see Jen smirking to herself. I was debating asking her if I could go inside to use the toilet. I then felt myself leaking against my hands. With some effort I stopped the leak. “I need the toilet” I confess to her. She turns to look at me. “Just hold it we will be home soon”. With that she puts the car into drive and picks up my chips from the window.

The drive back is hard. At first, I try to distract myself by eating the chips. But then my desperation became to intense. Pain shoots through my stomach and I massage my rock-hard bladder. “Jen I won’t make it”. She reaches over from the steering wheel and briefly strokes my thigh. I hunch over grabbing my crotch again feel warm pee leak into my hands. I look up and see were pulling up outside Jen’s apartment. She comes to a stop. “Just a 2-minute walk and you will be at a toilet” She tells me. “I didn’t think you would make it”.

“I can’t stand” I let her know. I sit in her car feeling hopeless knowing the second I move my bladder is going to empty itself all over the floor of her car. She reaches her hand up my thigh and pulls my panties aside. I feel shame that she has just touched my pee-soaked panties. I then feel her finger slide apart my labia and start massaging me. I leak again against her fingers. I start crying. “It’s okay” She reassures me. Her finger pressing against my urethra helping me stop the leak. She then moved upwards and started massaging my clit. My body automatically relaxed, and pee started flooding out of me against her hand. Her hand continued massaging me while I peed, and I felt another type of pressure building. I was reaching orgasm. My body went stiff and pleasure travelled through me then shaking and wet I fell against her and reached my climax.

*006*2020-04-18 19:07

I'm glad your enjoying it

*007*2020-04-19 16:16

Here is part 3

I opened my eyes and looked up into Jen's eyes. She was holding me tight and stroking my hair. "What's your colour" she inquires.

"Green" I answer honestly. This accident has left me feeling a overwhelming amount of emotions like the last accident. But in Jen's arms I feel safe. "Okay love, come on and we will get you cleaned up" She tells me while getting out of the car and walking to my door. She opens the door and helps me out of the car and leads me the two minutes walk back to her apartment. I feel drops of liquid run down my legs as we walk. Jen guides me into the bathroom and runs a bath for me helping me take my wet clothes off and helps me get into the warm soapy water. Once I am comfortable she leaves the room. I assume to deal with the car.

I sit in the bath for a while but eventually start to get cold. I get out reaching for a towel. Its fluffy and warm and wraps around my whole body. I exit the bathroom and then see Jen she is lying on the bed with her hands in her jeans. I blush realising what she is doing. I freeze to the spot to shy to go over and join her. Instead I watch her body tense up as she thinks of me.

Once she finished she lays there for a few minutes. I finally get the courage to go over and sit next to her. Trying not to get the bed wet with the towel. "Theres clothes in there Amelie" she points to the wardrobe at the far side of the room where she got my earlier dress from. I walk over and open it. The wardrobe is full of different types of clothes for many different types of occasions. Jen had obviously but a lot of thought into buying them. I feel a wave of affection run through me. I pick out a oversized t shirt and some shorts and quickly pull them on while watching Jen get dressed in a similar manner out of the corner of my eye.

Once dressed I climb into bed and lay in her arms. "Do you need to pee" Jen asks remembering everything I drank that day and the diuretic. "No I'm good" I say. Although after I say it I release I feel a slight need. I decided to ignore it and just sleep.

I wake up to find myself still on top of Jen with her arm wrapped around me. Its still dark outside and Jen is snoring softly. I realise my need to pee has gone and my shorts feel suspiciously damp. I start patting my shorts. Definitely damp. I have two options go back to sleep or wake up the sleeping goddess I am starting to have such confusing feelings for.

I lie there and mentally debate with myself about waking her up while the night sky slowly turns light. I then feel her stir underneath me. I go still and pretend to sleep. I feel her stir some more. "Amelie" I hear her mumble. I don't reply. She lies still for a moment then I feel her sitting up my body lowered so I'm resting on her wet legs instead of her shoulders. This is when she notices my accident. I feel her shift as she reaches down to feel the bed which is thankfully mostly dry unlike both of us. I feel her get out of the bed and hear her walk over to her drawers and get something out.

Soon she is back. I feel my shorts pulled off and then the cold wetness as a baby wipe cleans me. I blush realising she is cleaning me up. Next i feel something shoved underneath me. It feels cushioned under my bum. Jen's fingers starts massaging my thighs and private area feeling cold to the touch. I realise she is rubbing cream in. When she is finished the front of the padded cushion is pulled up to cover my front. Just as I realise it is a nappy covering me I hear the tapes trapping me in to my new padded prison. I feel humiliated.

*008*2020-04-24 23:07

Sorry it has taken me a while to write part 4. Here it is

I open my eyes turning my head away as the sun shines in through the window and blinds me. I feel the other side of the bed with my hand. Empty. Jen isn't there. I throw my feet out of bed and try to walk with dignity out of the room to where Jen is sitting at her laptop. It is hard with the diaper pressing against my thighs. I feel myself waddling slightly.

I run my fingers over the back of her neck as I approach her. "G'morning poppet" Jen says as she pulls me onto her knee. I feel her fingers slip inside my diaper feeling for any wetness.

"What are you doing" I ask her. She grins.

"Booking you a surprise" She replies. That is not what I meant. I was asking what she was doing with her fingers and she knew it. But I was intrigued.

"What surprise" I inquire. I feel Jen fidget underneath me. "Are you going to tell me" I demand.

"We need to pack were leaving in a hour" She says guiding me back into the bedroom.

Jen lifts the suitcase onto the bed and starts packing. A few dresses for myself and her normal shirt and jeans. I figured from that we were going away for a few days. I noticed she packed extra underwear for me and blushed lightly. She wasn't finished though next in the suitcase went a supply of diapers, wipes and cream. I started to raise my voice to protest. She glanced towards me with that look of hers. I fell back in silence. Then with a feeling of absolute dread I saw Jen slip the diuretic medication I had taken earlier into her pocket.

"Were leaving in 10, do you need a change first? " She asks.

I shake my head no. "Can I just take it off" I plead.

She sighs. "I would prefer we keep you padded. But I can't force you".

I look down in disappointment. She knows I would never say no to that. We both head out to her car. She hands me a bottle of water and starts driving. I mindlessly sip the water wondering where we are going. I start to feel the urge to pee. I ignore it and keep sipping my water. We stay on the same rural road for a long time. I keep watch out of the window smiling whenever I spot any animals.

I see a sign. Airport 15 miles. I know instantly were we are headed. My need to pee gas starts to build up to a near constant pressure. I am uncomfortable but by no means desperate. I glance over at Jen and decide she won't mind if I pee a little bit.

I relax my muscles and feel hot liquid come streaming out of me. It run down my vagina and pools at my bum where my padding absorbs it. Jen looks over and then quickly reaches over and squashes the front of my diaper. "Good thing we kept you padded love. We will be there soon. We can get you changed when we get there" She says.

How did she know! I think. I realise I am sort of looking forward to being changed by Jen. I enjoyed the way she massaged the cream into me last time. I enjoyed how safe it made me feel.

We arrive at the airport. I look over at Jen she looks stressed. "Everything okay Jen" I put my hand on her knee.

"We're a bit late" she admits. We get the suitcase and Jen drags us both into the airport. I feel her pull me in towards her and whisper in my ear "there is spare diapers in your bag. Go to the toilets and get cleaned up. While I check us both in".

I nod my agreement and head towards the toilets. I slip inside a stall and briefly consider doing as Jen asked and changing into a clean diaper. I was to irritated at the situation to do that. If she wants me in a diaper she can put it on me. I leave the toilet stall feeling a thrill of anticipation knowing I was disobeying Jen.

I meet back up with Jen in the departures lounge. "When do we leave" I ask.

"Now" She points out a queue to board a medium size aeroplane. We walk over and join it. It doesn't take us long to get seated in first class. I start to feel my bladder fill up again but I don't worry to much. My need isn't that great. The chairs are comfortable and I start to feel excited. I look over and notice Jen looking nervous. I reach out and grab her hand. "Scared of flying" I ask.

"Its just the take off and landing I struggle with" She replies. I notice her turning even paler as we start moving. I stroke her hand with my thumb to reassure her. Not letting go until the fasten seatbelt signs had been turned off and the colour had returned to Jen's face.

The air hostess came over and offered us both a drink. Jen asked for more water and glass of wine each for us both. I saw Jen bring out the diuretic packet which had caused me so much problems last time and add it to my wine.

I sipped my wine slowly. Not wanting to drink to much when my bladder already felt so full. However the taste was sweet and rich and I found myself draining the glass.

I started thinking about making my way over to the plane toilet. When suddenly the plane lurched forwards. Scared I grabbed Jen's hand. I felt the plane jump again. I looked up and saw the fasten seatbelt sign had been turned on.

I felt pee leaking out against my clothes. I realised I was wetting myself out of fear and clamped down my muscles and stopped the flow. The announcement turned on. "We are experiencing some turbulence. Please stay seated". I grip Jen's hand tighter and look at her she looks as scared as I feel. The plane lurches up and down for a few seconds. Then rights itself. We fly steady with no more problems for a few more minutes.

I look down and realise I had wet myself during the ordeal. The seat is soaked, my clothes are soaked. There is no hiding it. I reach down and feel the wetness. I then hear the fasten seatbelt sign being turned off.

Jen looked over at my hand when I touched the wetness. I feel her reach over herself. I realise she isn't reaching to feel the wetness she is feeling to see if I am still wearing a diaper. Her hands reach cold, wet, bare skin. I nervously look her in the eye. She looks angry.

*012*2020-04-28 19:07

Just a short chapter this time

I felt Jen's hand move away. I glanced over at her again. She wasn't even looking at me. She was really pissed off I realise.

Out of the corner of my eye I see Jen flag down a flight attendant. Realising what she was about to do I sink further into my seat.

"Excuse me" Jen says

"Yes mam" The flight attendant answers. Taking in the scene with her bright blue eye.

"My partner has had a accident. Can we have some towels to try clean the seat up with" Jen says coldly.

The flight attendant looked over at the puddle pooled underneath my dress. "I will be right back" She responds. We wait a few more minutes in silence for the young women to return.

"We need to talk about this when we reach the hotel", I hear Jen say.

I turn to look at her. I see Jen reach into her bag and start rummaging through it finally bringing out a diaper and a pack off wipes. She hand them over to me. "Go clean yourself up Amelie". She directs me.

I squeeze past her and shamefully walk to the small metal toilet. My wet dress clinging to my thighs, droplets of pee dripping into my shoes. My diaper and wipes in hand. Obvious to anyone who looked what had happened.

Thankfully I lock myself into the toilet. Feeling relief build in me when the lock slides in. The relief is short lived. I sit on the toilet and sob. Feelings of anguish, disgust and humiliation rush through me.

After I have calmed down somewhat I start wiping myself dry. The motion bringing more tears to my eyes. I prefer it when Jen looks after me I sigh to myself. I flatten the diaper out and realise I have never put one on before. Another thing I need her for. I press it against myself and tape is on haphazardly. I look around the room for anyway I could dry my dress. Seeing none I settle for wringing it out over the toilet.

Suddenly I hear a knock at the door. Thinking it was Jen I hurriedly open the door. Disappointed I see it is the same flight attendant who saw my accident earlier. "Excuse me miss, we are getting ready to land. We will need you to take your seat in the next couple of minutes" She informs me.

I nod in response and follow her out of the toilet. She guides me back to my seat. I see that Jen did a good job of drying it off. Blushing I wonder if the flight attendant helped her. I squeeze past Jen back into my seat.

I fasten my seatbelt to prepare for the landing then reach over and grab Jen's hand. She didn't pull away which gave me a feeling of reassurance.

