Saint Andrew's Cross: an Omorashi Story

Author: Leaky-angie

*000*2025-07-24 21:34

I am tied up on the st. Andrew's cross. My legs spread and my arms above my head, making my body the shape of the letter X. My partner is in the other room and I can hear them filling up some bottles with water. My nude body is unmovable and vulnerable.

When my partner arrives back into the room they are carrying two big bottles of water and a long straw. I become aware of what is to come, and of the contrast between my nude, tied up state, and their clothed, powerful position.

I want to speak but I am unsure of what to say. Luckily they break the silence. “You look beautiful like this, darling.” Their gaze moves along my body, making me blush and sending a pleasurable shiver into my crotch. “Here, drink some water” they continue. “I will make sure you will be bursting to pee soon enough.” My partner holds up one of the bottles and carefully places the straw into my mouth so that I can drink the water. I take a few big gulps and then stop to ask them if I should take more water already.

“Keep going” they answer. “The first bottle is for filling up fast. Finish it” I do as I am told and finish the bottle of water. Almost instantly I start to feel the urge to pee. Not a great urge, but strong enough where I would normally go to the toilet. “Good pet, you're doing great so far.” My partner compliments me on finishing the bottle. I thank them quietly. They step close to me, almost body to body. The st Andrew's cross is slightly higher up so that their face is at the height of my chest. They kiss my chest softly. I am so full of excitement that I let out a sigh at the very first touch of their lips to my skin. They continue to place little kisses on my chest, sometimes adding a bit of sucking or licking. They start to tease me by moving downwards towards my belly and eventually my crotch ever so slowly. My pussy is twitching at every kiss that gets closer to it.

I am starting to breathe a little heavier. I close my eyes to be able to focus on the physical feeling better. All that matters to me right now is their warm mouth on my skin. I can feel their breath against my body, it relaxes me and excites me at the same time. Then they reach my pussy. I still have my eyes closed and I can feel them wait with their face close to my crotch because I can feel their warm, calm breath against my clit and lips. Then they kiss my clit lightly. I whimper, I want more. They kiss it a few more times, adding a little more intensity with every kiss. They start licking now, going over my whole pussy with their tongue, switching between licking, sucking and kissing going up and down. I can feel them against my clit, my wet pussy and even against my pee hole. The feeling is so intense that I forget about my quickly filling bladder.

My partner suddenly stops. I open my eyes surprised and a bit disappointed, being so suddenly pulled away from the dreamy pleasure. My partner looks me in the eyes and takes a determined step back. “That's enough for now” they say strictly. I groan, knowing I cannot argue them. To my surprise, they get their smartphone from their pocket. After a few seconds they show me the screen, which shows a timer of 30 minutes. “Now we wait for that bladder of yours to fill properly.” They tell me before sitting down on their gamer chair which they had placed in front of the st Andrew's cross before we had started.

Time goes by slowly as my partner is scrolling through socials on their phone, acting as if they have no interest in me, but still occasionally checking in on how I'm feeling and how my bladder is doing. After about 15 minutes I can feel a pretty strong urge to pee. It's not at the level yet where I would leak, but a strong pressure nonetheless. The pressure is rising and I feel the need to get my partner's attention on it. “... babe?” I ask quietly. They hum without looking up from their phone. A few seconds go by without them saying anything. I need to catch their attention better before I do actually start leaking. I try to speak a bit louder this time.

“Babe, I really need to pee…!” This does make them look up from their phone. First into my eyes, their face not showing much emotion. Then down my body until they rest their eyes on my bladder which is showing a slight bulge. I can see them making an expression as if they are thinking hard what to do about my comment and current state of desperation. They look at their phone to check the timer. “another 11 minutes and 24 seconds left.” They tell me coldly. Then they put the phone down as they stand up to grab the second water bottle. “How about you have a drink about that? Only a few big gulps should do for now.” They raise the bottle and put the straw in my mouth like before. 

I say nothing, obeying them instantly because I know struggling won't change the outcome. After I have had about 5 big gulps of water. I thank them. “Good pet, thank you as well. You're doing so well my darling.” Their answer makes me smile and blush. I suddenly realise that I don't know what the timer was set for exactly, but I'm afraid to ask. I probably won't be allowed to pee already after 30 minutes right? My partner goes back to sitting and being distracted. They start reading a book this time. From the cover it seems to be some futuristic fantasy novel.

The pressure really starts building inside of my bladder. If I wasn't tied up with my legs spread I would definitely be crossing them, but it all depends on my kegel muscles right now to keep the flood gates closed. I realise I have started moaning every few seconds, when my bladder clenches. It feels absolutely amazing, almost like an orgasm build up. Fuck I wish I was allowed to just let out a single spurt of pee, just some relief for a few seconds… it would feel so amazing to relax my bladder for just a short moment and let my body do what it so desperately needs…. I try not to think about it too much, because I might actually lose control soon If I keep imagining the feeling!

I am moaning and breathing heavy, trying to move my body but being unable to move much. My partner is still acting as if they don't care, but I can tell from the blushing on their face, and the fact that they keep pushing their legs together to create the slightest of friction on their crotch, that they are quite turned on themselves as well. — suddenly — an electric remix of a famous classical song loudly plays! For a second, a shock moves through my body, having almost forgotten about the timer. It takes all my muscle strength to not let out a strong spurt of pee. My partner turns off the alarm, puts away their book and gets up from their chair. I hear them mumble “fucking finally” before they regain their dominant role.

“I see that you are barely holding on there, aren't you?” They tease. “I bet you're wondering what that timer was all about. Well, I've got an offer to make.” As they speak, they slowly walk closer to me, until they are so close that their body and clothes slightly press against my naked, squirming body. They continue to explain the offer. “You will be allowed to let out some pee soon, but there are strict rules, listen closely. Are you listening?” They look me deep in the eyes. I nod my head almost aggressively. “Yes, owner!” I say with a pressured voice. “Good, good pet.” They continue. “The rules are as follows. You let out a spurt of pee, when I tell you to. And obviously you stop when I tell you to as well. But I am standing so close for a reason, darling.”

They slowly unbutton and unzip their jeans and then pull them down slightly, revealing no underwear underneath and giving me the freedom to see their aroused genitals. I bite my lip and stare at them. “That reason being, you are going to pee in my jeans. Let me catch that spurt for you as a sign of appreciation.” It gets almost impossible to hold in all my pee when my partner is describing the near opportunity to let some go so detailed. “However!” They add. “If even one single drop hits the floor and is not catched by my jeans or body, you will not be allowed to pee for another hour. But, if you succeed, your full release will be soon.” I get the urge to start begging them to let me let out that promised spurt now… “Deal?” They ask whilst making eye contact. “Ff fukc, yes.. yes yes please, its a deal, owner!” I stutter. “Please please let me spurt some!”

They get ready, bending their knees slightly and rotating their hips forward, so that their crotch and lowered jeans are as directly underneath my pussy as possible. They hold their arms around my waist. “Good. I will count down from three and you start spurting at 0. Remember, you stop when I tell you to!” I can barely think. They start counting. “ 3… 2…1…” some drops of pee make it out of my bladder in anticipation. “...0, go!” It takes only a part of a second for a strong spurt of pee to make it outside and shoot against my partner. Not even reaching their jeans right away, because the pressure is too high, making me pee in a kind of fountain shape instead of straight down. My piss hits the middle part of their shirt, making a dark stain on their shirt first, and then becoming a wet line from their stomach area, to their crotch and then indeed into their jeans.

“And hold!” my partner shouts. I clench my muscles as tightly as I can and manage to stop the stream after about 4 seconds total. Some drops seep through their jeans and drip onto the ground. My partner is now visibly getting very horny, and touches themselves for a bit. They pull their now stained jeans back up and close the zipper and button. Then they proceed to rub their crotch through my piss stain on their jeans. They moan in a low voice. The sight of them covered with my piss and rubbing it more and more onto themselves feels like it could bring me to orgasm just by watching. I feel my pussy throb continuously and leaking with left over pee drops and slick wetness. I need their mouth on it so so badly. I crave them licking me clean after I have had that eventual complete release.

I had hoped that letting some pee out would soften the pressure on my bladder, but the opposite seems true. My bladder has felt release and it wants more, and it wants it now.

As if sensing my desperate needs, my partner stops touching themselves and moves back into the previous pee-catching position. “Hmmh, very good job.” They compliment me whilst breathing noticeably heavier than before. “As a reward, lets do another one. You know the rules.” I breathe in sharply to try and hold until they tell me I can let some more out. “3…2….1…0, go!” Immediately I feel my bladder muscles push. It is like I am not the one in control of my body anymore, but my body is in control of me now. The spurt is quickly followed by another spurt, then another, then starts becoming a strong stream, my partner getting gradually more wet with my piss. I don’t think I can actually stop peeing anymore…!

“Please, oh fuck!! I can’t-” I try to communicate my failure to my partner. But they don’t particularly seem to mind it. They are actively stroking themselves, their pants down, and are moaning with every bit of hot piss that hits their body or clothes. “It’s okay, darling. Keep going, let it all out my dear. You’re doing great.” They say with heavy breaths in between the words. Those words are like a magic spell to me now, I completely relax, resting my body against the st Andrew's cross and letting my head fall back. The stream keeps pushing itself out, becoming less wide and hard but remaining the fountain-like shape because of my position on the st Andrew's cross. My partner, now almost fully covered in my pee, moves their body against mine, pressing their wet, hot body and clothes onto my exposed and sensitive pussy. I am still peeing little bits. I can feel my pee flow between our tightly touching bodies.

I let out a loud, breathy moan once I finally stop peeing and have emptied my bladder completely. My partner lays their upper body on mine, standing up to be able to reach me whilst im still tied up. I feel amazing, letting out that much pee all over my partner felt orgasmic and I feel slightly dizzy in a pleasant way. But, unlike after most orgasms, my pussy is still begging for attention. I notice myself humping into my partner between my spread legs. They lift their head and look at my face. We make eye contact as I bite my lip. “You did amazing, darling. You've been such a good pet for me.” They say softly. “And a good pet deserves a treat.”

They kneel down beneath me, sitting on both knees in between my legs, their face at the height of my pussy. Their legs in the middle of the big puddle of pee that's on the floor. I feel their breath against my sensitive clit as they speak. “A good pet should be a clean pet, let me lick you clean. Would you like that?” I agree instantly that I would love that, almost choking on the words.

They start licking and kissing my inner thighs. Licking off the residue pee drops, and quite some sleek wetness that has dripped from my pussy. I can tell that the wetness covers their lips when they pull away to look at me, their lips all shiny with it and their own saliva. They stand up and stand on their toes to kiss me. In their deep kiss I taste my own liquid pleasure. I moan into their mouth and buckle my hips forward automatically, intuitively seeking friction. My partner starts making their way down my body again, placing small kisses all over my body like a trail. 

Once they are on their knees again they slowly and subtly start to brush the tip of their tongue against my pussy. Starting with big circles on the outer lips, then continue to make small circles with the tip of their tongue around my dripping wet pussy hole. The feeling is so subtle yet so intense and I can almost not contain myself and stay still on the cross instead of continuously pressing my hips forward into their face. But I know containing myself and surrendering to my partner will reward itself.

They run their tongue up from my hole towards my clit, brushing over my overstimulated pee hole on the way. I moan instantly when they touch it and a few more drops of pee come out, straight onto their tongue. They swallow whilst making eye contact. Once they reach my swollen and throbbing clit, they speed up a bit and start using more tongue than just the tip. Running circles around my clit with their wet and hot tongue, I can feel the heat of their mouth and their breath against it. The heat and wetness is amazing, I feel the rush build up with every movement they make. 

They start softly sucking on my clit with their lips around it, adding subtle movements with their tongue as well. I feel my muscles tighten once again. A warm pressure is growing in my lower belly erea. I look at my partner, sucking me off whilst covered in my piss. All wet and sitting on their knees in the puddle. This sight intensifies the feeling in my lower belly, making it reach towards my crotch and legs. My pussy feels magnetically drawn into their face. They coordinate their every movement with mine, keeping the stimulation constant.

I automatically close my eyes, but I can still see the image of my partner soaked in my pee, having gone from the controlling dom to the serving, horny brained personal pee release target. Everything else disappears for a moment but that image and the growing orgasmic energy in my body. This plus the amazing mouth technique of my partner brings me to a powerful orgasm. I arch my back and hold my breath, then release my muscles and breathe out with a loud moan. These movements repeat a few times and then my body starts to gradually relax.

My partner stops stimulating me and catches their breath as well as me. Once I have mostly catched my breath, they untie me and I get down from the st Andrew's cross. I do a few stretches. We hug and kiss. Everything feels like a dreamy haze of pleasure and release. They strip off their soaked clothes. Together we sit down naked on the gamer chair, me on their lap sitting sideways. We kiss and I ask them if they're all right and how they feel now. They tell me that they feel fantastic and they loved this experiment. They return the question and I answer that I feel like I could melt from relaxation and release. I feel all warm and fuzzy and a bit hazy.

After sitting and cuddling like this silently for a bit, I notice my partner tensing their muscles a bit. I look at them a bit confused and ask “are you okay, my love, Is something up?” They smile and laugh a bit, a humorous sparkle in their eyes. “Yeah, I gotta piss kinda bad, darling” we both laugh, seeing the irony of the situation. “We have to clean this place anyway” I say half jokingly, but secretly hoping they will catch the hint. They look me in the eye with a strangely neutral look on their face. We maintain eye contact, whilst they curl one of their legs around my legs, intertwining us so that we are both on top but also at the bottom. Right as I realise what they are doing, I feel a hot liquid spread around my leg, reaching slowly all the way to my ass and my crotch. I feel them relax and they moan quietly with every breath out. Once they are done I kiss them. We are both relaxed, cuddling slowly. We are both covered in each other's and our own pee.

“You know, I really trust you.” I say softly.

“Yeah, I know darling. And I trust you too.” They answer. “I mean, why else would I let you pee all over me?” We both laugh comfortably. In my mind, I keep seeing that powerful image of them wearing clothes soaked with my pee, and rubbing themselves through them. This experience will be a treasured turn on memory for a long time to come.

I also posted this story on my omo writing tumblr blog:

%https://www.tumblr.com/wetwordsarchive

Over there i also post random omo concepts, thoughts, updates on my writings etc etc

