Lily and Gwen's romantic walk

Author: Lilysheart

*000*2021-02-10 23:50

She had to pee

She had to pee.

Lilian had to pee so damn bad.

But still she couldn't bring herself to say anything to Gwen, her girlfriend. They had been together for two years now, Gwen had always thought Lily was the shyest girl she had ever met and getting to build a relationship with her wasn't easy at all.

Right now they were walking, hand in hand, through one of the most beautiful parts of their city, a park full of tall trees, hot people skateboarding and a beautiful view of the sea to their right. And gosh it would have been so romantic if Lilian didn't have to pee so goddamn bad, but no she wouldn't say anything to her girlfriend. She wouldn't dare, she was too shy to admit it.

"Damn I love coming here... 'Specially with you Lily" Gwen said smiling, she was always cheerful, it was almost impossible to catch her without a smile on her face. She was wearing a pair of Chuck Taylors, tight jeans and a plain white shirt, she had beautiful blue eyes and short blond hair.

Lilian was wearing a pair of sandals and a simple sundress, she had the most beautiful hair, or at least that's what Gwen thought:shoulder-length red hair, and green eyes.

Lilian tried to answer, but she didn't really know what to say, what could she say? She loved going there too but she was too desperate to think about anything else that wasn't how bad she had to pee.

"Lily are you ok? You don't look well... "

Of course she didn't look well she was walking slightly bent over and she was paler than usual. Of course Gwen had already caught on to what was happening, this had happened countless times since they started dating, being the shyest girl ever and having a small bladder sure wasn't a good combo. Gwen loved her to death but this shenanigan was getting old, so for the first time she decided to not wait for her to admit her need, she knew Lily was gonna be embarrassed but she genuinely looked in pain.

"Lilyy come on... How bad is it honey?"

"Huh? What.. what are you talking about?"

Without saying anything, while they were walking she put a hand on the redhead's tired bladder, and she squeezed. Lilian immediately bent over with a pained expression on her face.

"Come on what the hell did you do that for?" she said whining

"Why didn't you tell me you had to pee? Come on it's so obvious... plus you really look like you're in pain, if you had said anything we could have found a bathroom ages ago! Come on sweetie... You don't need to act like that with me, I mean we've seen each other naked countless times and admitting when you have to pee is where you draw the line?!"

As Gwen said this, Lily's face started matching her hair's colour, she was mad, she hated being embarrassed like that so she tried go get straight to answer but that proved to be a big mistake, her bladder let loose for a split second dampening her flower patterned panties. She immediately bent over again, all of sudden all the rage towards Gwen disappeared, her face got even redder.

"Gwen? I... really really really really have to pee! I just wet my panties a bit, please help me!"

"You just... wet yourself? Are you serious?"

Now Lily's face was redder than her hair.

"No! I mean... NO! I mean just a little bit! Please please help me let's find a bathroom or it's gonna be way way more than a little!"

"Jesus if it's that bad why didn't you say anything?!"

"You know I get embarrassed! Can we not talk about this now and find a bathroom?"

"You get embarrassed? WE'VE SEEN EACH OTHER NAKED FOR CHRIST'S SAKE!"

"Gwen!"

"What?"

"please let's hurryyy"

"Oh shit yeah, sorry. Look forget the bathroom, it's on the other side of the park, you'll never make it in time if you've already leaked. We'll find somewhere private for you to go... just try to hold it sweetie..."

"What? No, nonono I can't pee outside"

"Honey you ain't got a choice! Now just follow me"

She took Lilian's hand again and started leading her, Lily was walking bent over and with a hand shoved between her legs. Looking back at her Gwen couldn't stop thinking how cute she was.

After 10 minutes of searching for somewhere without anyone around, the situation got worse, Lily now had to stop every few steps and she couldn't stop moaning and complaining. Gwen had just spotted a good spot between two trees with no one around when she heard:

"SHIT! shitshitshitshit, Gwen! I'm peeing, I can't hold it anymore!"

Lilian said this with a shocked espression on her face, as the first trickles started wetting her long beautiful legs

"Honey, come on not here! We just gotta get to those trees!"

She started leading her to those trees, they moved at a painfully slow place, Lily was leaving a trail of pee behind her, her legs and sandals were already soaked. Gwen felt so sorry for her but again, at the same time Lily was just too damn cute, even while she peed herself.

As soon as they got behind the trees Lilian didn't even bother pulling away her flower patterned panties, what was the point anyway? They were already soaked, she forgot about all the shame she felt earlier and she just pulled her wet dress out of the way and just let go.

It felt so good.

It felt so good.

It felt so goddamn good.

As she watched the scene Gwen could only think about the fact that her girlfriend was peeing in a pair of panties she gave her as a gift. "oh well" she thought "at least she looks like she's in heaven right now"

Lilian moaned as her stream started slowing down, her legs were soaked, so were her panties, so were her sandals and so was the earth beneath her, her dignity? Dead. But strangely enough she didn't feel any shame right now, admitting that she had to pee was impossible earlier, but now that she was peeing her panties she could only think about good it felt. She looked at Gwen and just started laughing.

"Well honey... At least you feel better now, right?"

"Soooo much better, you have no idea"

Lily's legs just gave in and she sat in her own puddle

"I don't think I've ever been as tired as I am right now..."

"Yeah well let's get you home, you need a shower, and a new pair of panties"

As she said that Gwen just pulled Lily's underwear and tossed them away.

"If this is how you treat my gifts you don't deserve them!" She said smiling cheerfully. Gwen helped her girlfriend up, gave her a quick kiss on her lips and they walked home, hand in hand and Lilian thought "Yep, very romantic" as she laid her head on Gwen's shoulder.

She smiled.

Chapter 2.

Soooo I'm dumb and accidentally deleted the other topic, I really apologize for everyone that started following, anyway I'm having a lot of fun writing this and I'm already writing a third chapter, hope you enjoy!

___

Gwen was so excited, so excited she couldn't stop smiling through the whole class. Today her girlfriend and her could finally have some sweet time all by themselves as Lilian's parents were gonna be away for a few days, leaving an empty house for them to enjoy. To make things even better, unlike Gwen's family, Lilian's was quite wealthy so it was a big empty house for them to enjoy, one with a pool even.

So yeah, she couldn't stop smiling through the whole class, she was too excited! Once her class was over she rushed home to pack and say bye to her mother, she didn't even bother having lunch or going to the bathroom. She just wanted to get to Lilian's house as quickly as possible. It was gonna be an exciting weekend!. To get to her house she had to take a bus, it wasn't that long of a ride, just a half a hour long, but she did regret not going to the bathroom before leaving her house

"Heh, not like I'm gonna end up like Lily last week"

She thought to herself.

She got to her house in the afternoon. She ringed the bell and as soon as the door opened she threw herself on Lilian hugging her and showering her with kisses, Lily embraced her back. They were both happy. It was gonna be a very exciting weekend.

"So... ready to have a nice few days with me?"

"Yeaaaah! Can't wait! But first I need to pee, don't wanna end up like you last week!"

As Gwen said this, Lily's face started matching her hair color, she wanted to think of something to answer but Gwen was already off running to the bathroom.

She finally relieved herself in her girlfriend's bathroom, she got out and started looking through her backpack, she took a small package out and handed it to Lilian, she opened it to reveal a pair of panties, with flowers on them.

"Just don't pee in this pair, honey please?"

Lilian didn't even answer she just blushed more, and to Gwen's surprise she did something really unexpected: she pulled her shorts down, revealing she was going commando, and put the flower patterned panties on, she smiled looking directly in Gwen's eyes as she pulled her shorts up. This time it was Gwen who started blushing

"Gosh... I love you soo much" she said as she threw herself on Lilian again, they started making out but Lily stopped her

"There will be time for that later hun, now it's time to get our swimsuits on and get drunk by the pool, don't you agree?"

"Of course!" Gwen squeaked

"Okay then... I'll go get the booze, you go put your bikini on and wait for me at the pool, 'kay?"

Gwen just nodded, with a big smile on her face and rushed off to get changed, she rushed through her backpack took her bikini out, a simple dark blue one, she then took her clothes off and put her bikini on and rushed to the pool. She didn't stop smiling the whole time.

Gwen was waiting, sitting by the pool and dipping her feet in it when Lily showed up, with two bottles in one hand, and two glasses in the other.

She was wearing a much skimpier red bikini. While Gwen didn't have the most perfect body as she didn't work out much, she was still quite slim, Lilian instead was well toned. She put the bottles and the glasses down on a small table and went to sit by Gwen.

"God you're hot" They said at the same time and started laughing. Lilian then gave her a quick kiss on the cheek, put an evil smile on her face and just pushed her poor girlfriend in the pool.

"GAH! IT'S SO COLD HOWCOULDYOUDOTHISTOME?!"

Lilian just laughed and jumped in the pool as well, then hugged Gwen

"Don't worry... I'll warm ya..."

They started kissing.

After a while of enjoying themselves in the pool, they got out and started sunbathing while drinking. Lilian took off the upper part of her bikini and laid on her belly, enjoying the sun, the drinks, and especially her company. Gwen couldn't help thinking about how beautiful her girlfriend was

"Lily, I love you so much" she said smiling

Lilian smiled too, got on top of her and they started making love.

A few hours later they were cuddling on a towel, by now it was evening, the bottles of alcohol were empty and they were very happy. After a while they went back to the house, Lilian didn't bother putting her bikini back on and started making dinner. Gwen, who wasn't used to drinking that much just sat on the couch waiting for dinner while trying not to fall asleep.

After dinner Gwen felt exhausted and drunk, she was ready to call it a day a go to sleep with Lily, but she had other plans. Gwen was waiting for her, sitting in her bed, when Lilian showed up. Naked. Gwen thought that she was looking at the most beautiful thing she had ever seen, then opened her mouth to say something but Lily quickly shut her up with a deep kiss and started undressing her girlfriend. Once she was also naked Gwen started touching her girlfriend's body, she wanted to feel everything that there was too feel. Lilian did the same, and they made out for a few minutes, when Lily couldn't take it anymore she just pushed Gwen on the bed.

They made love again, Gwen thought she had never felt such pleasure as tonight, while Lily was thinking that this was the most beautiful night of her life and nothing could ruin it.

"I'm just gonna quickly go to the bathroom, sweetheart" when Gwen didn't answer she realized she was already asleep, Lily smiled

"Goodnight beautiful" and kissed her forhead.

Once Lily came back from the bathroom she just snuggled next to her and fell asleep.

For some reason Gwen that night had strange dreams, she really wasn't used to drinking that much and wasn't used to the effect that much alcohol can have... She woke up a few hours later. It was still night, Lily was hugging her pillow next to her, "cutie" she thought. But then she realized something felt off... her crotch was... wet? Did she fell asleep with her bikini still on? "Anyway it should have dried by now" she thought.

She touched the sheets beneath her. And her heart sunk, they were soaked, so were her panties and even part of her shirt. She couldn't believe it, she... had wet the bed.

*001*2021-02-15 17:15

Heyyy beautiful people! Chapter 3 is readyyy

___

Gwen panicked, she didn't know what to do she was on the verge of crying. Lilian was sleeping dangerously close to the wet spot, if she moved even by an inch she'd surely feel the wetness and wake up. So Gwen in her panic started doing the only thing she could think of: she tried to dry the puddle on the bed with a towel, she knew this would never work but she had to at least do something.

In her panic she didn't see Lily opening her eyes and moving her hand to feel the wetness

"Gwen... did you pee?"

Before she even finished talking Gwen just broke down and started crying, as Lilian realized it she rushed to hug her girlfriend and tried to reassure her

"Hunny! It was just an accident, you were drunk, it's not your fault! Please don't cry sweetie it's okay! We'll fix this!"

"Lily, I'm so so sorry! I didn't mean to do it"

Lilian just hugged Gwen as tight as she could

"I know... Here's what we're gonna do you go take a bath while I take care of the bed alright?"

"No! There's no way I'll let you clean my pee!"

"You really shouldn't argue with me standing there with wet panties... Just go take a bath, I'll reach you in a while"

Gwen didn't try to argue anymore, she just went to the bathroom and she started filling the bathtub and while it was filling she examined her underwear.

Soaked.

Even part of her shirt was wet. She couldn't believe she made fun of Lilian when she had her accident and now it was her who was cleaning the mess Gwen made, she sighed, took her clothes off and got into the warm water. She tried to at least relax a bit but it was helpless she was way too embarrassed, she didn't know how she was gonna look in Lily's eyes without starting to cry again.

A few minutes later Lilian opened the bathroom door and she sat on the side of the tub, stroking Gwen's hair

"You okay?"

"Lily... I'm sorry for making fun of you when you had your accident..."

Lilian smiled softly.

"Huh guess karma really is a bitch, eh?"

They both laughed, Gwen was feeling a bit better, she loved the feeling of her girlfriend's hands in her hair it felt like she could fall asleep right there but then Lilian spoke.

"We are gonna have to sleep on the couch though... That was quite the puddle I'm afraid, in my parent's bed no less! I don't really know how I'm gonna explain that one to them yet..." Gwen blushed really hard.

"You won't have to explain a thing! We'll clean everything tomorrow. Jeez this is not at all how I expected this weekend to go... I'm sorry for ruining everything"

Lilian realized Gwen was tearing up.

"Gwen! You didn't ruin a thing! Tonight was one of the most beautiful nights of my life! It was just a little accident, nothing more. Plus... you looked soo cute standing there with wet underwear!"

"Yeah... Actually I couldn't stop thinking how cute you looked when you peed your panties"

"Well Gwendolyn, then it sounds like we should pee in our panties more often, don't you think?"

They both laughed, Gwen started splashing Lilian who in response just started kissing her deeply.

"Lily... I think I'm in love with you"

"Pfff you better be after I had to clean your pee! Now get out of there, I'm pretty tired and I can't wait to snuggle on the couch with you, just try not to pee this time"

"I thought you said we should wet ourselves more often though..."

"Don't even think about it!"

Gwen got out of the tub and Lilian couldn't help but admiring her body

"You know... On second thought the couch can wait a bit longer..."

Lilian took her clothes off too and threw herself in Gwen's arms.

The night wasn't over yet.

They started making out in the bathroom, but quickly made their way to the living room, they were on the floor, both naked and making out as passionately as they could. Lilian started feeling Gwen's breasts and she couldn't help but moaning, Lily loved making her moan, she could never have enough of it, it was like a drug for her so she threw her on her back, spread her legs and she buried her face between Gwen's thighs. As she was eating her out, Gwen screamed in pleasure and it was like a melody for Lilian's ears. Gwen threw her head back and wrapped her legs around Lilian's back while she buried her fingers in her red hair.

It didn't take long for Gwen to come, just a few minutes, it was just impossible to resist Lilian for more than that, when she came she screamed in pleasure and relaxed her legs. Lily was now standing on top of her, passing her tongue through her lips, enjoying her girlfriend's pleasure.

"Lilian that was fantastic..."

After she said that, Gwen immediately fell asleep.

Lilian couldn't help but chuckle "Oh well... Guess I'm gonna have to do it myself" she thought to herself as she was sliding her right hand between her legs.

*002*2021-02-16 12:51

Chapter 4!

___

It was early in the afternoon, Gwen and Lilian were both sunbathing by the side of the pool, Lily was only wearing her bikini panties and by now she was sleeping deeply. Of course after Gwen's accident they didn't get to sleep much and they spent most of their morning cleaning Gwen's mess. She was still so embarrassed that she couldn't rest so she just laid next to her almost-naked beautiful girlfriend stroking her red hair. This was going to be their last day at Lilian's house and she felt sorry she ruined part of their romantic getaway, Lilian's reassurances weren't enough to make her feel better.

She sighed, at least she had the most beautiful view in the world in front of her, she thought that she could spend her entire life looking at Lilian. Gwen remembered what happened after her accident. "Well yesterday wasn't all bad at least..."

When Lilian woke up she felt Gwen's hand going through her hair and smiled, the second thing she felt was the fullness of her bladder.

"Here we go again" she thought, cursing herself. Even after they both had accidents in front of each other she still couldn't admit her need to her girlfriend. No, she had to behave like an adult! She sat up, put a hand between her legs and whispered embarassingly:

"Gwen... I gotta pee..." she blushed really hard as she said that.

"Wow... Peeing ourselves in front of each other loosened you up, didn't it?"

Lilian blushed even harder, saying something like that was unthinkable to her just a few weeks ago.

"Yeah... I guess so. But i don't wanna go to the bathroom it's so nice staying here with you"

Gwen smiled

"Well then... Just hold it and let's cuddle up!"

She did as she was told and buried herself in Gwen's arms and fell asleep again, they stayed like that for more than a hour. When Lily woke up she felt her bladder being even fuller.

"Shit I gotta pee" She thought

She sat up again and said:

"Gwen I really really gotta pee now!"

"Just go to the bathroom then, Lily!"

Lilian stood up and took a few steps, but then she suddenly remembered how good it felt to let go in her panties when she had her accident, she remembered how cute Gwen looked in wet underwear and remembered all the feelings she felt in those occasions. She stopped walking and turned around towards Gwen

"You know... I think I'm just gonna go here..."

After that she immediately let go, her red bikini bottom was immediately soaked, pee started trickling down her beautiful legs and pooling around her bare feet.

God that felt good.

She didn't even try to slow down the waterfall of pee, she just splashed her feet a bit in the growing puddle. She started laughing and blushing at the same time, she felt like a naughty little girl doing something forbidden and she loved that feeling. So there she was, a 21 year old girl, only wearing a pair of bikini panties with her beautiful breasts out, her long legs glistening with pee having an accident like a little girl, and splashing her puddle just like a little girl would with a rain puddle.

When she finished peeing she just stood there, looking down at her soaked legs and the huge puddle pooling beneath her, she blushed and all she managed to say was "Oops"

Gwen was shocked, she had just witnessed her girlfriend having an accident because she didn't feel like walking to the bathroom

"Wow having accidents in front of each other, REALLY loosened you up, huh?"

She just laughed and sat back down on the towel next to Gwen smiling.

"Lily you're covered in pee"

"Oh does it... Bother you?"

"I mean I guess not... I'm surprised it doesn't bother you! A week ago you couldn't even tell me you needed to pee and you just had an accident in front of me while you laughed... By the way... why did you do that?"

"Uhm cause I guess I had to pee and... It just felt right doing it"

Gwen didn't answer, she just put a hand on the front of Lilian's bikini and then felt her legs.

"God you are so soaked"

"Thanks!" She said cheerfully, and Gwen couldn't help but smile

"I guess you weren't joking when you said we should pee ourselves more often"

"Yeah... I guess I wasn't" She said as she laid down while falling asleep to the sensation of her girlfriend caressing her hair.

*003*2021-03-06 17:24

Chapter 5 enjoy!

___

It had been a week since their romantic getaway at Lilian's house and although it didn't exactly go as they had planned they still had a great time. Lilian couldn't stop thinking about what happened during the last day though, when she deliberately wet herself in her bikini in front of her girlfriend Gwen, it was the only thing that she could think about. She was really embarrassed by it, just a few weeks earlier she was so shy she couldn't admit her need to pee and then she wet herself in front of Gwen twice, one time by accident and the other on purpose. One of the reasons she could not stop thinking about her second accident was because she also absolutely loved it, she remembered feeling naughty and cute at the same time and it also turned her on, she had some fun times when she was in bed by herself thinking about the whole thing.

She was supposed to meet Gwen in a few hours, they were supposed to have dinner together at a fancy restaurant, right now she was working at some assignments for university sitting at her desk wearing a tank top and her underwear when she noticed her bladder signaling that it was time to use the toilet, she shoved her hand between her legs and started remembering how good it felt to let go in front of Gwen, so she started debating in her head if she should wet herself right then and there, go to the bathroom or if she should hold her pee until she met Gwen. She looked at the clock and thought to herself "fuck it, I'll hold it."

She kept studying until it was time to prepare to go out, she took a quick shower which only increased her need to pee, she put on a black night dress and did her makeup with one shoved between her legs. When she was finally ready she head out to meet up with Gwen.

Gwen had been waiting in front of the fancy restaurant they were supposed to eat at for a few minutes now, when she finally saw the beautiful redhead arrive, she couldn't help but smile and immediately hugged her.

"You're finally here! What took you so long?"

"You know how it is, I need time to prepare."

"Yeah sure, sure. Let's just go inside before they give our table to someone else!"

The dinner was going perfectly, the food was great, they were spending the whole time talking and laughing, and Lilian could easily keep her legs crossed without Gwen noticing thank to the table. By now she really had to pee, she knew she could just go to the bathroom but... She wanted to have fun! She kept thinking about how amazing it felt to have an accident in front of Gwen last time, and she was very determined to replicate that feeling. She just knew that she had to be careful and that she had to hurry up, cause she really needed to pee.

By the time dessert arrived her need grew worse, partially thanks to the wine and partially because she had been holding for hours. So she wasn't really surprised when the first leak slipped through and dampened her panties, she started squirming she knew that she should stop doing it cause if she didn't Gwen would immediately realize her need but she couldn't help it, she had to go so bad.

And of course it didn't take long at all for Gwen to realize, she was annoyed by that.

"Lily, really? Wetting yourself in front of me twice isn't enough for you to be able to tell me that you need to pee?! I mean last time you wet yourself on purpose!"

"Lower your voice please! You're right, I need to go... badly. I'm sorry I didn't tell you."

"It's fine... Just go pee! There's no need for you to just sit there and suffer."

This was the perfect chance for Lilian, and she didn't let it slide.

"I'm so sorry, I can't... go the bathroom!"

"Why the hell not Lilian?!"

"Because... I'm already going... I'm so sorry!"

Just as she said that she let loose, a river started emerging from between her legs which quickly became a waterfall of pee as it went down her long legs, soaking her feet and her high heels and forming a small lake beneath her chair. She buried her face in her hands. She couldn't believe what she had just done and where she had done it! Everyone in the restaurant turned their heads to look at her, she felt like she could die from the embarrassment but at the same time she was feeling all the sensations she felt last time: she felt excited, naughty, turned on and she felt very very wet.

They quickly paid their bills and left the restaurant as quickly as possible. When they were outside Gwen just looked at Lilian.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah... sorry... I should have told you I needed to go."

"Huh-huh you enjoyed that, didn't you?"

"What? What are you talking about?!"

"Don't play dumb with me! I saw you! You had the same face the last time you wet yourself by the pool, you enjoyed it!

"Well... What if I did?"

"Well if you did, I'd tell you not to do it in a restaurant where some poor guy has to clean, your piss!"

"I... Oh God you're right Gwen... I'm an idiot"

"And secondly, I'd say that since when I wet myself in your bed you had no problem cleaning my pee, I'd have no problem cleaning yours!"

"Wait, are you saying you're okay with this? I mean with me doing it?"

"Yeah of course I am! You could have just told me, instead you decided the better idea was too wet yourself in a restaurant. Next time, just tell me when you're planning on doing it okay? Now let's get you home, you need a bath dummy."

And with that they walked home, hand in hand, while Lilian dreamed of the future possibilities of what Gwen had just told her.

*005*2021-03-08 18:06

{{On 3/7/2021 at 6:52 PM, HeyItsClaire said:

Such a cute story. Thank you!

}}

Thank you!

*007*2021-04-23 17:01

Chapter 6! I'm so sorry it took me so long!

_____

Lilian and Gwen were enjoying a nice night out like they hadn’t done in a while, they had both been really busy with university but their hard work was finally paying off. On that particular night they had been invited to a party in a very fancy house by some of Lilian’s classmates and as it can be expected a party on a Saturday night by a bunch of twenty-something year olds got pretty wild.

Lilian was wearing a pretty revealing red dress and red heels, while Gwen was wearing a long black dress, by midnight they were both really drunk and Lily’s bladder was obviously really full as she started feeling reeaally kinky. She started giggling as she said:

“Gwennie… I think I’m gonna piss myself!”

“What? Lily no! You can’t do that here! You go to university with most of these people… Listen I need to pee too, let’s just go to the bathroom, okay?”

“But that’s no fuuuuun! It’ll be so much better if I piss myself trust me!”

“No, it won’t! Listen I know you like doing that, but they’ll never stop making fun of you if you do it here!”

After some more back and forth she finally convinced her really drunk girlfriend to not pee right were she stood, and they started heading to the ladies’ room, but unluckily for them there was a pretty long line and they quickly realized that they weren’t the only ones desperate for a wee.

In front of them there was a cute black girl with short curly hair, wearing a short dress, who was bending over with her hands shoved between her legs, as she saw her Lilian whispered to Gwen:

“Looks like there’s someone doing worse than us, sweetie”

“Yeah… poor girl really looks like she has to go”

“Well so do I Gwen! I don’t see why I have to suffer through this when I could just let go!”

“I already explained to you why! Now shush and hold it, I gotta go too!”

Lilian didn’t speak for a while, instead she focused on trying not to pee herself even if she really wanted to and she focused on the girl in front of her who was doing way worse than her. As Lilian watched the girl do a very obvious potty dance she realized she was getting turned on, after all she was really cute and she really looked like she was about to wet herself. Lilian couldn’t take her eyes off of her, if the girl actually peed herself it would be the first time she’d see someone actually have an accident out of desperation, Gwen’s accident didn’t really count cause that time it happened in her sleep so Lily was feeling really excited.

The line was progressing really slowly but it was about to be that girl’s turn so Lilian, determined to see her wet herself, had an idea. She took Gwen by her hand and she walked her at the beginning of the line and said to the girl standing in front of the bathroom door:

“I’m sorry my girlfriend is feeling really sick, can you let her cut the line?”

The girl just sighed and nodded letting Gwen go in front of her, much to the curly haired girl’s dismay.

At this point Lilian just went back to her place behind her and started speaking to her

“Wow it looks like you really have to go!”

“Yeah, no shit! And you just put someone else in front of me!”

“Uh… I’m so sorry about that but my girlfriend wasn’t really feeling well… If it makes you feel better I’m actually about to wet myself too…”

“Ugh, it’s okay, I just hope they hurry the fuck up!”

“So… What’s your name?”

“I’m Michelle”

“Pleased to meet you, I’m Lilian, although I’d wish it was under better circumstances, cause if I have to be honest with you I don’t think I’m gonna make it…”

“Yeah I feel you…”

A few minutes went by and now Gwen was entering the bathroom leaving only one more girl in front of Michelle and Lily, but just before going back to her place in line Lilian had whispered to Gwen to take up as much time as she could in there hoping it would be enough to make Michelle have an accident.

A few more minutes went by and Gwen still hadn’t come out.

“So you said your girlfriend was sick… right?”

“Yeah… why?”

“Do you think she’s gonna take much longer in there? Cause I’m really about to reach a limit here”

“Actually she was really sick, so yeah… It could take a while…”

“Fuck fuck fuck! No, I can’t hold it anymore!”

As she said that, the dam broke and a waterfall started pouring out from Michelle’s dress quickly forming a huge puddle at her feet that quickly started spreading to Lilian’s feet too, She couldn’t believe what she was seeing: another adult was having an accident right in front of her! And not only that, but Lilian could only think about how beautiful Michelle was while peeing herself, she couldn’t take her eyes off her beautiful brown legs glistening under the waterfall of pee.

But she was soon snapped back to reality by her own need, watching someone else have an accident was simply too much to handle, plus she didn’t really see another reason to keep trying holding on and also it was kind of her fault Michelle was having an accident, so it was only fair she would one too. Lilian just spread her legs and let out a loud moan as pee started pouring from her cascading down her legs, into her heels and forming a puddle that quickly merged with Michelle’s.

As Michelle finished peeing she turned around only to see Lilian peeing too

“Sorry… seeing you have an accident was simply too much….”

Michelle didn’t even answer, she just ran way as fast as she could. Lilian could hear people laughing and making fun of her, but she was too drunk to care the only thing she could think to do was lifting her dress and taking off her panties to throw them in the huge combined puddle at her feet, giving basically everyone who was looking at her a very nice show, that’s when she felt someone grabbing her by the wrist and dragging her away.

When they got in the car Gwen was the first to speak

“So that was your plan, huh? Making that poor girl have an accident and then piss yourself in front of everyone too?”

“Gwen just… Shut up.”

As she said that Lilian just jumped on top of her girlfriend and started making out with her, later that night she’d have the most intense orgasms in her life.

