Showcase desperation (Pokémon XY fanfic)

Author: Lugia

*000*2016-02-21 22:10

"" = normal speech

'' = translated Pokémon speech

:: = thoughts

It was the day of the Pokémon Showcase in Kiloude City, and Serena is currently registering with her Pokémon, Braixen and Pancham, standing next to her. It was hot out and Pancham hadn't had anything to drink since he woke up that morning so he was very thirsty. While Serena was registering he spotted a water fountain for Pokémon to drink out of and went over to it.

"Pan Pancham!" 'Thank Arceus!' Pancham said as he eagerly began drinking. He continued to drink until he couldn't drink anymore. "Pancham..." He sighed as he went back over to Serena who was taking care of the final part of registration. As he walked the water in his stomach sloshed around a bit, he didn't notice this however.

"There all done" Serena said as she finished registering. "Come on you two, let's get to the performance waiting room" the three headed to the aforementioned room with Pancham unaware of the situation that would soon befall him.

"Alright you two, wait here while I get changed" Serena told her two Pokémon before heading to the changing room. As Pancham was walking over to a couch to sit down he felt a twinge in his bladder but he didn't think anything of it. He sat down and Braixen went into the bathroom to pee. A caught Pokémon using a toilet to relieve themselves was far from unheard of, so no one even batted an eye as she went in. Serena soon returned wearing her outfit for the theme performance.

"Hey Pancham where's Braixen at?" Serena asked, quickly taking notice of Braixen's absence.

"Pancham pancham" 'She went to the bathroom' Pancham said, pointing towards the bathroom so his trainer would understand.

"Oh okay" Serena said in response. She then went to talk with Shuana. Flushing could be heard coming from the bathroom and Braixen came out not long after with her hands slightly wet.

"Braix braixen" 'they ran out of paper towels so I couldn't dry my hands completely' she said, sitting down next to Pancham. "Braixen brai brai" 'I think it would be a good idea for you to go to the bathroom before the showcase starts. Especially considering how much water you drank earlier'

"Pan pancham pan" 'Don't worry about it. I'll be fine' Pancham told the Fox Pokémon.

"Braixen brai braixen" 'Are you sure? Don't you remember what happened last time?' Braixen asked him.

"P-pancham pan! Pan pan pancham. Pancham pancham" 'T-that was different! Besides I don't have to go right now. And it's not like you haven't had anything happen to you.' Pancham said in response, his face as red as it could be.

"Braixen brai braixen" 'You know we were running late that day' she said, her face also red with embarrassment.

Not long after their somewhat embarrassing conversation ended the Pokémon showcase had begun and the first group of performers were called up on stage for the theme performance. The theme was focused around the performer's Pokémon having to hit distant targets blindfolded while their trainer instructed them on where to aim their attacks.

"Pancham pancham" 'that looks challenging' Pancham said upon seeing the theme. The Pokémon the performers were using each had a different type and as fate would have it, one of them was a water type. The Pokémon used Water Pulse and upon seeing the water type move Pancham felt a jolt in his bladder. :Ugh, I have to pee now. Well it's not that bad, I can hold it until after the showcase: he thought.

As the theme performance continued more water type moves were used and by the time the fourth group was on stage Pancham was able to sit still and Braixen noticed.

"Brai braixen?" 'Is something wrong Pancham?' She asked, wondering why he was moving around so much.

"Pancham pancham" 'No I'm fine, I just kinda have to pee is all' he replied

"Brai brai braixen" 'I told you should've gone before the showcase started'

"Pancham pan" 'I can hold it, you'll see'

"Braixen" 'If you say so'

I woman came in shortly afterward to inform Serena and two other girls that it was their turn to do the theme performance.

"Alright let's do our best!" Serena said to her Pokémon as they headed towards the stage.

Pancham had a difficult time keeping his composure to hide his problem but he was able to pull it off. He prayed to Arceus that Serena wouldn't use him for this round and luckily for him she didn't. Unfortunately however more water type moves were used which only made his situation worse.

:What's with all the water type moves today? Ngh!: he thought as he felt a wave of desperation. :I just have to hold it until the intermission and then I can take care of this problem:

Shortly after that Serena and Braixen hit their third target which means Serena would move on to the freestyle performance. By the time the intermission started Pancham's bladder was almost full and he struggled to hide that fact as they headed back to the room.

"Pancham!" 'Finally!' He exclaimed as he headed towards the bathroom. Before he got there however a Greninja went in, closing the door behind it. "Pancham" 'Dang it'

Since he didn't know how long she would be in there he decided to sit down on one of the seats hoping it would take some of the pressure off his bladder. The closest one was on the other side of the room but that was good enough for him so he went over and sat down hoping the Greninja would be out soon.

About three minutes later the Greninja came out so Pancham headed straight over to the bathroom but before he got there a Chespin ran into it and shut the door behind him. Judging by how he had his hands against his crotch, it looked like he had to go even worse than he did.

"Pancham" 'Oh well' he sighed knowing that he would've let him go first anyway. He just hoped he'd finish before the intermission ended.

The Chespin came out about two minutes left the performers waiting room while Pancham headed over to the bathroom but once again someone beat him to it. This continued for half an hour and by then the intermission had ended and Monsieur Pierre was on the stage giving his introduction for the freestyle performance. Pancham didn't want to risk the chance that Serena would be called up while he was peeing so he decided to wait until after their performance. With any luck they would be one of the first ones called up. A woman came in to get the first performer but to Pancham's dismay it wasn't Serena.

:Darn it! Oh well maybe we'll be the next ones up: he thought. He did what he could to keep his mind off of his swollen bladder but his thoughts always kept coming back to it. It didn't help that the performer on stage was using different water type moves in her performance. Even when he looked away he could still hear her say water.

:Just end your performance already: he thought as he heard splashing from another water type move. Shortly after the performer ended her performance. The woman came to get the next performer but it wasn't Serena this time either.

As the showcase went on Pancham's bladder took more of his focus as he was frequently reminded that it needed to be emptied. Serena ended up being the last one called up and although it was hard Pancham was able to keep a modest position.

:Okay, I just have to make it through our performance and the end of the showcase: Pancham thought to himself. This wasn't the first time he was in this sort of situation so he would be able to make it through the performance without much difficulty. His part of the performance involved mostly dancing so that made it easier for him.

:The voting is the only thing left, just a little longer: Pancham thought to himself as he struggled to hold it in. He had his legs crossed and he was unable to stand still but thankfully everyone was too focused on the voting to notice.

Hundreds of points of light in multiple colors flew through the air as the voting began. The results of the voting were shown and the winning performer turned out to be Shauna. On the way back to the performers waiting room Pancham felt a wave of desperation that caused several drops of urine to leak out. Pancham, unable to hold a modest position any longer, instantly shoved his paws between his legs and against his crotch. Braixen soon took notice of this.

"Brai Braixen?" 'Wish you had gone before the showcase started?' She asked with an 'I told you so' tone in her voice

"P-Pancham" 'S-shut up' Pancham shot back, embarrassed by the humiliating waddle he had been forced into. He had to stop for a moment a couple of times but he was able to make it back to the room without incident.

Once they got back to the room Pancham instantly ran to the bathroom feeling the gaze of multiple eyes on him the whole time. To Pancham's horror there was already someone in the bathroom which means he will have to wait and hope the come out before the floodgates opened. The Pokémon belonging to the performers stared as Pancham potty danced next to the bathroom door, the performers themselves however knew better than to make the situation more embarrassing for him than it already was and quickly made them stop. After a minute the person came out of the bathroom and Pancham immediately ran inside, shutting the door behind him.

"Pancham!" 'Finally!' He said to himself. He moved a stool meant to help smaller Pokémon climb onto the toilet next to the toilet and climbed up making sure to keep one paw between his legs to prevent losing control.

Once he was on the toilet he uncrossed his legs and moved his paw and the moment he did a strong yellow stream erupted from his crotch. He let out a sigh of relief as he felt the pressure in his bladder diminish. To Pancham, the sound of liquid hitting liquid that filled the room was the sound of relief. His urine continued to flow for roughly two minutes before the stream slow to a trickle and then stopped.

"Pancham pan" 'That's so much better' he said as he finished. After flushing the toilet and washing his hands Pancham went back out to Serena, who had finished changing, so they could meet up with their friends.

Finally got this put up. There were some ideas I had that I ended up not using. Also that Chespin has been seen before, I just want to see who can figure out its identity.

*003*2016-02-22 01:35

{{: 

So this is the so called story you said you couldn't finish because of laziness a few months back? well, it's nice.

​stupid super mystery dungeon pancham

}}

Well other interests got in my way as welll.

{{: 

While this was a nice story I would have enjoyed it more if it had been Serena to have had an accident.

}}

Well that's not really where my interests lie. I think it may have something to do with it being something that's not in the games or anime. Go figure.

