Mr. Hardy, Part Four

Author: Lilly_Magic

*000*2020-01-03 06:28

That night ended with another sexual dream.

There we were, alone in the classroom, Mr. Hardy wearing his too tight jeans, undone, and a tank top that showed off his incredibly sexy abs, and me wearing practically the same thing. Except that my tight tank top hugged my breasts just right. I was sitting on the floor crying, papers scattered out all around my feet, crumpled and damp. Mr. Hardy was standing there towering over me, with more papers, all marked across the top with my grade. "You get a D." And he let one flutter to the floor. "You get a D." He repeated, and dropped another down. "You get a D."

"Please, Mr Hardy" I kept begging. I couldn't make myself say anything else. I just kept begging.

Finally he sighs. "You're not understanding me. I guess I'll have to show you another way."

Mr. Hardy bent down, took my hands and helped me up. "Here's your D. Now give me that oral report you owe me."

Suddenly, the way dreams change so quickly, Mr. Hardy's jeans were pulled down, and I was looking down at his big, hard dick. I was no longer crying, no longer begging for something other than what he wanted to give me all along. I wanted that D.

Sometimes in real life you don't know how to do something, but somehow, in a dream you can do it perfectly, as if you knew it all along. In real life I had never given a blow job, but there in the dream, I knew exactly what I was doing, and I did it well. I knew because it was Mr. Hardy who was begging "please," this time, groaning with pleasure. I knew it because in dreams you just know stuff like that. This went on for what seemed like a long time. His hands tangled up in my hair, guiding my rhythm, my arms wrapped around his legs, my hands gripping his ass.

Mr. Hardy came just as the bell rang and the dream ended.

I laid there in bed with my eyes closed, my heavy breathing from my dream followed me to the real world. I imagined every detail of that dream, hoping desperately for two things. One, that I won't forget how to give a blow job so good like I did in my dream, and two, that I the real life Mr. Hardy will make my dream come true.

When my pounding heart steadied I climbed out of bed, and started my morning routine. It used to be just a quick shower, fix my hair, dress in jeans and whatever t shirt or hoodie was on top of the pile, and grab my books and go. It wasn't anymore. Every morning I wake up with my secret lover on my mind, butterflies in my stomach, and a smile on my face that's hard to hide and even harder to explain.

@@This morning, imagining that Mr. Hardy was there watching, talking to him inside my imagination, I slowly pushed the blankets off. First uncovering my chest. The straps of my tank top had fallen off of my shoulders making it look like I had been sleeping without a top. I gave my shoulders a little shake, *you like what you see?* I pushed the blankets farther down. *Ah, dam,* he says sadly. My shirt was still on, clinging low enough to revealing just enough of my breasts to be a tease. I sat up, letting the blankets pool around my waist. I put a hand on one of my tits, feeling my hard nipple. *It's cold in here* I raised my eyebrows and gave a seductive smile. Still imagining he was there, I continued teasing. I grabbed the edge of my blankets and lifted them. I peeked underneath them. *Nope you can't see* I said to him, and dropped the balnkets again. I slid sideways and poked my bare feet out, stretching my long, sexy legs inch by inch. *Come here babe and have a little sample.* The imaginary Mr. Hardy was there on his knees in front of me, stroking my legs, my own hands traveling up and up my thighs, sliding the covers off of me. *You like my panties? They're your favorite color*

I stood up and walked towards the bathroom, shaking my ass as I went. The imaginary Mr. Hardy reached out to my panties, as I hooked my thumbs in the waistband and pulled them down to reveal my sexy ass. They dropped to the floor. The imaginary Mr. Hardy was close behind me now as I put my hands on my stomach, under my shirt, traveling upwards, cupping my tits. *I love these* he said, and my top was lifted over my head and tossed away. I turned around, *come with me and you can touch my whole body*

In the shower, wet and hot and naked, my hands explored every inch on my body, imagining that it was my secret lover there, stroking me, kissing me. I spent most of the time in the shower rubbing between my legs, pressing hard, grinding, fingering myself with one hand and fondling my breasts and pinching my nipples with the other. With my eyes closed, I could picture him, imagining slick suds on my hands washing his chest, his stomach, around to his tight little ass, the between his legs. My soft soapy hands making him hard.

I took one deep breath, shaking away the fantasy, stopping myself before I came. I rinsed away the soap, the images, the imaginary Mr. Hardy. I wanted the real Mr. Hardy to be the next person to give me that pleasure. I was determined to make it happen, soon. I craved it like a drug. I remembered his smooth voice, standing there outside the coffee shop, telling me he wanted to go farther, that he wanted to be the one to take me all the way. Me telling him I couldn't wait.

He had my stomach in knots, my head spinning. I was high with every touch, every moment of eye contact, all the kissing and groping in the dim corner of the coffee shop. He knew so well that it all left me craving so much more. "I need you, I want you," I would whisper. "Soon baby, I promise." and how he looked deeply into my eyes told me he meant it. But what he also meant to do was tease me so badly, just to make my stomach flutter and my cheeks blush. But then again I was doing the same thing to him. I began wearing tighter jeans, shirts that showed off my breasts, walking just a bit more seductive, giving him *come get me* looks. I was teasing him just as badly. We shared so many little moments, little sly looks, it was almost enough of a thrill just as it was. Almost. Soon the need for sexual release between Mr. Hardy and me would be too strong to resist.

The coffee shop. Our secret hideout. That's where we finally took the next step closer. We had been there many times, Mr. Hardy with his hands up my shirt, down my pants, taking me so close to the edge. Me with my hand stroking him under the table until just before he comes, then teasing him again, kissing, many long talks of sexual fantasies. All so amazing, all so sensual. I wouldn't have changed a thing about us. Then it did change.

Mr. Hardy stood up and took my hand in his. "Come with me." I laughed, thinking of what else that could mean besides just to follow him. He grinned, reading my mind. I followed. I would always follow him. "I love you so much." I said, with another small laugh, the way you do when your best friend does something so cute that you just want them to know how cute they are being. Then I blushed, stuttered, and looked down shyly. "I meant..." He stopped, turned to me, and looked deeply into my eyes, held my gaze for a few moments. Then he leaned even closer, his lips grazing my ear as he whispered, "You are in love with me, aren't you."

I shivered, from the warmth of his breath, the closeness, the intimate moment. I also shivered because I was scared. I had been afraid to admit that, afraid it would break the spell, afraid it would chase him away. Sure there was plenty of lust, plenty of passion, but love? It caught me by surprise. My heart was pounding, my breath was speeding up. I blushed again and nodded, looking at the floor again.

He put his hand under my chin and tilted my face so I was looking back into his eyes again. "Tell me. Say it."

It came out as a whisper, "I love you."

The kiss that he gave me, there in the shadows, me pinned against the wall in the far corner of the coffee shop, felt differently. There was more passion, more tongue, more need. Something did change when I admitted how I really felt. It was like one of the last thing layers between us fell away.

When the kiss ended, he put his hand on my cheek, his thumb stroking it softly. "I love you too." He paused while I tried to catch my breath, to steady my weak, shaking knees. "Now come with me, and show me what happened in your dream."

I still couldn't breathe, couldn't walk. I put my arm around his waist, and he held me close. I could only nod and let Mr. Hardy guide me to somewhere where we could be completely alone. My brain was officially more scrambled than it has ever been when he and I were intimate together. It was the best, most deepest feeling of lust, desire, and excitement he has ever given me. I was nervous, but it was some kind of amazing nervous that I've never felt before.

Mr. Hardy let go of me, I pouted and poked out me bottom lip. "You're so adorable, baby. In here." He held open the door marked Employees Only, and put his hand on my ass and then squeezed as I stepped inside. He stepped in after me and brushed past me, touching my breast as he walked past. He sat on the edge of a desk and winked as he tilted his head. "Lock the door and come here."

Of course, lock the door, I thought. Obviously. My hands were shaking. My fingers struggled with the doorknob lock as I tried to twist it the wrong way. The deadbolt rattled as I tried to slide it into place. It seemed like five minutes went by before we were safely locked in, completely alone. I closed my yes, turned around and leaned my back against the door. My body wanted to collapse to the floor. This was one of the biggest moments, everything was shaking, my mind was pulsing with that blankness that excited nervousness gives you.

I took a deep breath. "It's real." I whispered and smiled a sly smile.

"It's real" he repeated. That private joke put me back into focus.

I opened my eyes.

There he was, his pants open, his hard dick out. Ready and waiting for me.

Another gasp escaped from me. Oh my god, I mouthed. He smiled as he read my lips.

I moved toward him, slow enough so he wouldn't notice that I was still quivering. I put my hands on his knees and looked up at him. For a few moments my mind was racing and my thoughts were getting tangled. Until I took a deep breath and let myself fall deep into his eyes.

Neither of us spoke. Mr. Hardy let go of my cheeks and took hold of my wrists, guided them slowly up his thighs. I began doing what I was for sure I knew how.

I took his dick in one hand and began stroking, barely squeezing, just enough to keep it hard. My other hand traveled lower, foundling, running my fingers over the skin there, exploring for the first time. To him it was as if I was teasing him, but inside I was afraid I wouldn't know what to do after all.

He knew. He knew because we'd spent so much intimate time together, knew because he was a psych professor, and knew because I had told him. Mr. Hardy placed his hands on the back of my head and gently guided my head down.

@@As soon as my lips touched the tip some kind of instinct kicked in. I opened my mouth, grazing the head with my lips. He arched his back with with pleasure as my tongue and lips made their way up and down, licking, giving him soft little kisses down one side and up the other. I could sense an urgency building, a need that he wanted fulfilled. He curled his fingers, tugging on my hair, his hips thrust forward, speaking to me without words, 'more'. I nibbled my way back up. As soon as my mouth was open, he thrust his hips forward, both hands shoving at the back of my head. I tightened my lips and curled my tongue around his dick. For a split second I panicked, I forgot everything I thought I knew about giving head. In that same moment he jerked his hips forward, harder this time, and shoved it as far in as he could get it. My throat closed up, my teeth nearly clamped shut. I jerked my head backwards, and glanced up to see this huge smirk on his face. If my mouth wasn't full I would have called him an asshole for choking me on purpose. After that, he let me suck it, lick it up and down. I let go of my grip on his thighs and gripped the shaft of his dick while my lips and tongue caressed the head.

Mr. Hardy already had a voice that I found sexy, but his little moans of pleasure were even hotter. It made me enjoy this even more, gave me a hunger deep inside. I wanted all of him inside my mouth, I needed it. So I let my hands drop. This time I was ready for it. This time I didn't choke on it. My throat was already aching, but I didn't care.

Mr. Hardy's breathing got heavier. His fingers pulled my hair even harder. ''Swallow it all like a good girl." He said. And when he came into my mouth, it was like nothing I had ever imagined. It was intense, powerful. Strange. But a good kind of strange. Amazingly strange. Not a lot of words could describe how it feels to give a blow job for the first time.

