The Secrets of Miss Harrison

Author: LochBlk52

*000*2025-09-28 17:41

Chapter 1: Watering the Garden

For as long as I can remember, Miss Harrison's family has lived in the house next to us under the big trees at the bottom of the street. It was a nice house, not too big and not too small, with its red tile roof, wide windows looking into the open living room and kitchen, and the large garden that was her pride and joy. I remember it being a constant love in her life as time went by.

I remember the little party she held in it to celebrate her daughter heading off to university far away, I remember her mentioning to my parents about how tending to it was a crutch that helped get her through tough times when her partner left, and I can remember hearing her in it at all hours, leaves crunching under her boots in the early summer hours as she watered some plants here, dug something up there.

I'm surprised she never took up a career around it either as professional gardener or at a local garden centre. Instead she's been working in accounting for a big firm for the past 20 years or so. It must pay well because over the last week she has been receiving a host of deliveries and started talking to my family about her plans to swap out some of her old furniture. It was during one of these discussions that she asked if I would be willing to give her a hand with putting some of her deliveries from IKEA together while she was out at work.

Helping each other out was nothing new. I would have done it for free but she insisted on giving me some sort of compensation for my hard work. "I'm not 12 helping her by watching the food doesn't burn," was roughly her words. She does have a point, that was almost 9 years ago... and the food did burn just a little bit. We agreed that I would use her spare key to get in a few hours after she left for work at 9am, do the building work, and she would cook dinner for me afterwards.

I told her that would be more than enough compensation. The day came around and I came over to hers to find the driveway already empty and the key left right where she said it would be, letting myself in and waiting for a bit longer by the delivery van came along to deliver my duties for the day: a few little tables for various rooms, a set of cabinets for the bathroom, and some other pieces for the upstairs. I could do it in any order I wanted but chose to start with the cabinets in the bathroom.

The bathroom was completely spotless before I set foot in it and started to work. You could've been fooled into thinking nobody used the place if it wasn't biologically built into us to need it at least every few hours. The floors gleamed, the walls shined, the shower cubicle had not a spot on it. I eventually had to use the toilet and found it to be cleaned to the same standard inside and out to the point I felt slightly bad for standing up and risking a few errant droplets messing up Miss Harrison's hard work.

I made sure to brush up what little mess I had made during the construction of her cabinet and moved onto the other tasks around the house. It took me a few hours but wasn't much hassle at all. It was nice to look out through the wide kitchen at her garden and see it in all its glory. A sea of yellows, blues, red, oranges, greens, purples and every other colour you could imagine were spread out down towards a little pond and big rose bushes up against the back fence, a path through the carefully cultivated scene cut by a white path of stone slabs flanked by ferns and patches of grass.

There was a bird feeder, little creature holes cut out in the bottom of the fences at places, and in the back right corner, under the cover of the trees was a shed and swinging chair. It was the first time I had gotten a proper look at the place for a bit. For all the love and attention she gives her garden, the fences are high and shrubs and trees block of a lot of angles into the place even from the upstairs windows of neighbouring houses. It was, as she said, "her private retreat."

I couldn't spend the day gawking at her garden, however, and finished up the downstairs jobs before moving to the lighter upstairs tasks I had left until last. I didn't want to keep her waiting long when she got back before she could serve up dinner. It was during these jobs that I had the hum of a car engine and turning of keys in a lock. "Hello, Miss Harrison," I called down, hearing the clatter of her shoes up the stairs as she came up to see me. "Hello, Tom. How has the work been?"

Her smile was beaming as she stood in the doorframe, giving a little wave. She was still in her formalwear from work, white shirt, pencil skirt, tights, her long, thick light brown hair flowing over a black open cardigan. A part of me that shall remain silent had to admit she looks incredible. She is, however, 23 years my senior and no amount of needing a G-cup is going to change that. Just thinking that made my head feel funny and quickly took up a manual to look through as I spoke to her. "It has been going great, Miss Harrison, and I only have a bit left to do here and then your coffee table in the master bedroom. I'll probably be around another hour." She nodded, "Take your time. I'm going to go and potter in the garden while you're busy. Let me know when you are ready and I'll get the food on."

I got on with what I had to do in that room and ended up at my last job in the master bedroom a little after Miss Harrison had finished getting changed in there. I could hear moving around in the garden below through an open window, snippers snipping, leaves crunching, twigs being tossed into a pile. I focused on my work for the most part and got the little coffee table done just a few minutes before the hour estimate I had given. I stood up and moved to look out the window, weighing up whether to call down or go down to let her know, but the words never had the chance to form, let alone leave my lips, because that is when I saw her.

That is when I saw Miss Harrison. Gone was the uniform of an office lady, on was a flowing green dress that covered her from her shoulders all the way to almost completely covering brown leather boots. Gone was the cardigan cover in favour of a white outdoor apron that stopped just under her knees. Gone was the contact lenses and in their place was a pair of thick black glasses and a sunhat that matched the shade of her dress, a light orange flower pattern around the top. Just seeing her like that was enough to take my breath away with the soft wind that ruffled her hair, but what she did next turned my feet to stone. I couldn't look away as she took a look around her garden, walked over to a bush up against the fence, and hiked up her dress to reveal tights and a pair of white panties that quickly went down to her knees. Miss Harrison popped a squat and watered her garden.

A thick stream of piss gushed out between her legs and splashed into the dirt under the bush, a puddle quickly forming and spreading out against the stones that ringed it. Miss Harrison kept her dress held up and looked down at the stream. I couldn't tell from my angle what her expression was, nor, thankfully to a screaming part of my mind, could I see her private places. Was she crying? Was she shocked? Was she smiling? I couldn't say. I could hear the power of the stream even from upstairs, like a hose hitting the ground with an added little hiss. This didn't come on suddenly. Had she been holding it at work and had some sort of emergency down there? Why didn't she use the toilet if she needed it? Did me being up here put her off using it? Was that... intentional?

The answers ran through my head all at once and none were satisfactory. There was no good explanation why 43-year old Miss Harrison was currently popping a squat in her back garden like a drunk college student who had ended up behind a bush instead of waiting in a bathroom line. The questions kept coming as her stream gradually turned into spurts and her panties came back up. I stayed long enough at the window to hear a sigh before my brain sent an emergency signal to my legs and kicked me back out of sight as she turned around.

I had to take a few minutes to compose myself and mentally work through what I saw before I could move on. Should I mention it to her? A twang of worry and sympathy for her in case it was a genuine emergency or health issue or my presence near the bathroom putting her off urged me to say something, even just apologising for witnessing it. I chose to say nothing as I came downstairs to announce the job was done, nor did I say anything as she asked me about my day and relayed some stuff from hers as she heated up her soup and got everything ready. It was starting to get dark outside by the time dinner was up and we sat down to eat across from each other. The subject still weighed on my mind a lot and it must have shown as I slowly made my way through a delicious cream of chicken soup that she was busy devouring.

"You seem a million miles away, Tom, and you have hardly touched your food. Is everything alright?"

The genuine concern in her voice and sound of her setting down her cutlery brought me out of la la land and into looking Miss Harrison right in the eye. She had set her glasses down as she ate, green eyes piercing into me. "Erm... I'm fine, Miss Harrison just-." Part of me wanted to make something up, blame it on my studies or long search for part-time work. Another part of me urged me to tame my concerns and clear my conscience with an honest answer. In the end I couldn't bring myself to lie to a wonderful person who was concerned something was wrong with me while in turn was only worried for her.

"Are you feeling alright, Miss Harrison?" She nodded. "Yes, completely fine," she responded a little puzzled. "Ah, I'm very relieved to hear that. Did me being around stop you from feeling comfortable enough to do anything you needed, Miss Harrison?" She tilted her head at this, "Nooo... why do you ask, Tom?" Here it comes, I thought to myself. No way of getting around it now. "While I was upstairs doing the work in the bedroom, I heard a noise outside and quickly took a look... and saw you... having an accident. I was concerned you were unwell or I had made you uncomfortable to use your bathroom. I know some people are like that, but it's fine, please, I am so sorry."

Miss Harrison must have realised where I was going before I had mentioned taking a look outside. Her eyes went wide, some colour drained from her cheeks, and she raise a hand to cover her mouth, spurring a string of apologies from me. "No, no, no, Tom, please," she gasped, shaking her hands, "It is fine, I am fine, there was no emergency or anything wrong with you being here." She sat back in her chair and took a breath. "I should be the one apologising to you. I shouldn't have done that while you were here. It was very thoughtless of me not to consider you could've seen me doing that." Now it was my turn to be confused.

"Shouldn't have done that while I was here? What do you mean? Did you do that on purpose, Miss Harrison?" She looked away from me and nodded slowly. "There was nothing wrong, Tom. Please don't worry at all. You just... unwittingly learned my secret, and for that I can not apologise enough. Oh my goodness." She wiped her eyes and sighed, a dark expression falling across her face. It was clear she was very upset by dragging me into her "secret." I reached across the table and rested my hand on hers. "Please don't be upset Miss Harrison, please, it's fine. I... umm, actually saw the whole thing and didn't stop looking. If anyone should be saying sorry here, considering this is your house and private space, it should be me for not averting my eyes."

She looked back up at me. "I appreciate your honesty, Tom, but I still should have been more careful. I never asked you if you wanted to see what I did and should have planned for not having the space I normally do." We sat there for a moment in silence, I mulling over what more to say as Miss Harrison recomposed herself, eventually pulling her hand back from under mine. "You saw everything?" Her voice was soft. "From a moment before you pulled your underwear down. I didn't see your, um, you know, but I did see the entire pee."

She took my words in and looked deep in thought. "What did you think?", she asked reservedly. "I, uhh, I don't know how to answer that exactly, Miss Harrison. I just couldn't stop watching."

"Couldn't stop watching...", she repeated. "Did some small part of you like it?" My face felt warm at her query and I stumbled over my words. Did I like it? Was I ambivalent? "I certainly didn't hate it." Another nod. "Why do you ask, Miss Harrison?" She turned to me and finished the last mouthful of her soup. "Would you like me to explain my secrets a bit more to you?"

There was no way I could say no.

*001*2025-09-29 21:34

Chapter 2: Would You Like to See?

I sat in one of the armchairs in her living room as I watched Miss Harrison finish up clearing the bowls and cutlery at the sink, the kettle hissing softly as it boiled. She insisted upon me getting comfortable and her finishing up any outstanding tasks so we could both fully experience what she admitted would be a long story. That was fine by me. I had a lot of questions and I was certain she had a lot of answers. More continued to pile on by the minute as I was left to ruminate over everything as I heard her pouring out a fresh cup of tea. "Are you sure you don't want one?", she called, holding up another mug.

I shook my head and she shrugged her shoulders, walking over to the sofa across from me and sitting down. She took off her sunhat and ran a hand through her long brown hair, letting it fall freely across her shoulders, and bent over to quickly remove her boots to reveal the black tights underneath, curling her legs under her dress as she leaned on the arm of the chair. She took a sip of her tea and looked over at me. "So then... where do you want me to start?"

"From the top," I replied, "I have so, so many questions you wouldn't believe."

"Oh I could," smiled Miss Harrison. "I can imagine one's mind must be running around in circles after watching a grown woman take unorthodox steps to water her garden." That was certainly one way to put it.

"Let me start with the biggest one I reckon is on your mind, Tom. Yes, I enjoy it sexually, pleasurably, any other ly you want. I like to hold it until I can't any longer and let it go wherever I please... in the comfort of my own home and garden at least. I'm not going around leaving my mark anywhere I am not supposed to." I nodded. "So it is like a kink thing, Miss Harrison?" She took another drink, "You could call it that. For me it is just my silly little thing I enjoy from time to time." I sat back.

"Peeing in your garden when your bathroom is absolutely spotless is certainly up there on the list of silly things. How often is time to time, Miss Harrison?" She snickered softly at my remark. "You're not wrong there. I'd think myself mad if I could see myself doing it, Tom. As for how often.." She trailed off in thought. "Uhhh, oh goodness. It may just be about everyday nowadays. I've only gotten more into it with the time and space I, somewhat sadly, have nowadays." An adult daughter in education halfway across the country, a long marriage now a memory. She had all the space and time she wanted outside of work to indulge. "I'm so sorry, Miss Harrison." She waved her hand. "Don't be, it's fine. I'd rather focus on this and what I do have rather than dwell over happiness that might have been."

"So what do you actually enjoy about it, Miss Harrison?" She flipped around on the sofa to lie back against the arm of the chair, crossing her legs as she reclined with her mug in her hands. "Now that is one I could give an hour long answer for on its own. Picture this: you're 20-year old student buried up to her waist in work and assignments on a cold, rainy November night. Your friends have mostly peeled off home, you're 5 minutes out from your dorm, but a night's worth of coke and water is hitting you like a tonne of bricks. Your bladder feels like a rock, hard and heavy, the pressure pulsing inside you with every step you take.

You can feel water flowing freely down your face and soaking into your jeans, hear it splashing under your trainers as you half run, half hobble closer to a warm, lockable bathroom. You can feel relief getting closer by the second, so can your bladder. You know you're 5 minutes out, however, your bladder has 2 minutes before it gives out. You see a shallow alley where there's no cameras and no late night chef taking a cigarette break, and in that split second decision you're carried by the primal need of your bladder screaming at you and the worry you'll pass your roommate with half of your jeans dark blue, half of your jeans jet black.

You don't have time to think everything through or get your belt down, Tom, you just yank them down enough to get the hole clear and paint the wall of that alley with everything you're keeping locked inside you, add to the rain, make a splash, whatever. You learn to love that rush when it happens a few times. Eventually you might get addicted."

I crossed my legs halfway through her story, half aware my pants started to feel a tiny bit tighter than when she started speaking. "All, um, all according to personal experience I assume, Miss Harrison?" She turned her head with a smug smile plastered across her face. "Damn right it is. And depending on what path in life you take, you only get more close calls and full bladders as you go on. I get stuck in an office from around 9 until after 5, deadlines and meetings a plenty. I've had my fair share of times where I've had to put my discipline and bladder muscles to the test, willingly or unwillingly, and some of those times I carry my need all the way back home. It's only my car seat at risk," she says, shrugging and taking another drink. "Have you ever miscalculated?"

The question slips out before I can think it over too much, a flash of red passing over my face. It only deepens as she closes her eyes and lays a finger against her lips. "Not going to ruin my perfect bladder reputation with you that easily. You know of two times I have peed outside the toilet, Tom, and both of those times my panties were spotless."

"Absence of evidence does not mean the absence of action, Miss Harrison," I snapped back. Her eyes snapped open and she flashed me a less than amused look, "Cheeky."

I decided not to push my luck when I still had so much to ask. "So is watering your garden your favourite way to indulge, Miss Harrison? I'm now questioning how many times I've heard water rushing in your garden late at night."

"It's very easy to do, freeing, and costs me nothing in terms of effort beyond getting my pants down and holding a squat, which these old bones are more than capable of, or sitting down. As for the late night watering, I'm not sure. I try to make sure all the windows around are closed and lights out so there's no chance someone can even hear something suspicious. I might have missed your window being open once or twice. I do have a broken fountain out there that occasionally starts up in the night, that might be it.

She finished off her tea and put her mug down on the floor. "Hoping you can look out at the right time to see me from the right angle to catch a glimpse of what you missed?", she asked, facing the floor. The seriousness of her tone threw me off and I shook my hand and head, babbling out a denial. There were urges, sure, but I would never try to be a literal peeping Tom. The tension was broken as she rose cackling, resting back against the sofa. "Oh you're so easy to wind up and tease, Tom. I was afraid for a moment your boldness was wiping it away."

"I'm just feeling more comfortable as we talk honestly about this, Miss Harrison," I responded, settling down. "And I am happy to hear that, I really am, but there is something knawing away at me that I want to ask, Tom. Are you just curious about a lady's quirky habits or, you know, into this?"

She looked me in the eyes as I mulled over her question. "I... I still don't entirely know, Miss Harrison. I mean, yes, I think it's interesting and all, yes I have enjoyed discussing it, but I've only actually seen you doing it from afar in a state of bewilderment. I haven't experienced it enough to answer you for certain. I wouldn't be opposed to learning more and I certainly don't judge you."

"I appreciate that," she said, sitting back up and crossing her legs, looking down the room to the now dark garden. "Would you like to see it again?", she asked still looking away. The response from my body, the response from my mind, the tightness and the little buzz. I couldn't say no.

Miss Harrison stepped out first in the cool evening air, her boots clattering softly against the patio as she looked around before beckoning before me to come out. She had left her sunhat behind on the chair but made sure to leave her mug in the sink before she left. "Come on out," she half whispered, walking down the full length of the garden to the shed as I followed her. A dim light flickered on as we moved close to the little wooden hut, fallen leaves crumpling under our feet.

"Okay, I wanted to do it here so we have some more light while also getting the privacy of the trees, Tom. I don't have to go as bad as before but it should still be nice." I looked around and shivered from the rush of feelings coursing through my body, my legs shaking softly. Miss Harrison's breathing was deep and her voice quiet but filled with heavy, needy emotion. 

Everything felt so intimate and taboo. Was I really going to watch a woman I had known all my life do... this up close? Something that she admitted got her off. "How are you feeling?", I stammered out. "Like I kinda need a piss, Tom." No surprise there. "But also so fucking hot and little skittish knowing someone is about to watch me do this."

"I can turn my back," I offered. "No... Tom, just, just step there so you don't see between my legs." I did as she asked, getting a side on view of her as she took a breath and steadied herself. I was nervous as hell and, for all her teasing, quips, and experience, so was Miss Harrison. "Okay then... here I go."

She hiked up her dress just as I remembered from earlier, rising it up to around her belly button level, and slid her tights and panties down as she descended into a squat with her legs together. I could hear her trying to steady her breathing as I waited to hear the hiss, watch the stream burst out towards the ground. "Give me a second, the pipes are stuck." I hummed out an acknowledgement and waited. And waited. "Fuck's sake," she whispered softly, "Don't lock up like this, not now."

"We don't have to if you can't get comfortable, Miss Harrison. I really appre-"

"No," she snapped, "Just... distract me. Ask me something to take my mind off it." I looked around and thought. "Are those tights the same ones you wore to your office job earlier?" She half turned her head, "That's the big burning question on your mind?"

"Yes," I replied sheepishly. "Well then yes, yes they are. I wanted to be quickly out into the garden earlier and didn't think I'd have them in view of anyone today, never mind around my ankles in front of someone." I felt my pants tighten up at her phrasing. "That sounds a bit naughty, Miss Harrison."

"This entire fucking thing is naughty, Tom," she whispered back, "And I think I finally..." Miss Harrison went quiet for a moment, tensed up, and then the sound of pattering liquid followed a soft, "fuck," as her bladder block finally gave way.

Her stream wasn't a firehose this time, it was a constant trickle of warm need falling between her legs into the leaves and weeds below as she sighed and relaxed. "That's so much better, mmmf. I love the slow draining ones. It's like I can feel my bladder shrinking back down to size as it leaves me." Her words were half blocked by gasps and heavy breathing as she shuffled her feet to keep her boots out of the way I couldn't take my eyes off the stream as it sparkled in the moonlight.

The cause of Miss Harrison's excitement and torment glistened in the pale moonlight and spread out across the plants below as she let go of her needs and her cares. She shut her eyes and enjoyed the sensations and the sounds. "Is it warm?"

"Very," she replied. "I can feel a few little drops running down my thighs. Almost done though, sorry." She was right. A few more seconds and silence once again fell over the garden as her stream dried up.

"One moment," she asked, pulling her tights and panties up and smoothing out her dress. She turned around to inspect the little, fading puddle, noting that I was practically ogling it. "Do you like it, Tom," she asked, a shake in her voice. "Yeah," I replied, a shake in mine. "Thank you. That's very... affirming after years of keeping this a deep secret." There was emotion in her voice, her face in her hands. I heard her hold back happy tears as I rest a hand on her shoulder. "No, Miss Harrison, thank you for opening up and being so patient and understanding with me. Thank you for letting me experience this with you. I really enjoyed it."

She looked up at me and I smiled back at her as she nervously chewed on her finger. "I'm so happy you did. I... I never did anything like this with my former partner. It was always something I kept locked painfully deep inside me. It was something freeing and personal. To now have someone accept it and let me take the weight of silence off... it is truly wonderful beyond words." She put a hand on my shoulder and we stood in silence in an intimate not quite embrace. We were a man and a woman, in private, feeling close, emotions running high. Maybe if this was a story of that kind things might've escalated. My imagination, high on feelings, certainly painted a colourful picture that I'm 75% certain Miss Harrison was also thinking of at the time, but we were both adults in the cold and it was getting late. I needed to head back and Miss Harrison needed to get ready for work tomorrow. She led the way back into her house and I gathered up my stuff to leave.

"So what happens now?" I asked as she locked up the backdoor. She went over to the kitchen and grabbed a piece of paper, writing down her mobile number. "If you want to come over from time to time to explore this, give me a heads up, Tom. I'll do my best to make time or text you back if I can't make it work." She stopped before she gave it to me. "You're absolutely sure you want this? We can forget this ever happened if you have any reservations." I shook my head. "I don't have any if you don't, Miss Harrison."

She handed me the piece of paper. "I certainly do not," she smiled. I turned to leave but stopped just before opening the door. "One last thing, Miss Harrison."

"Mhmm?", she folded her arms. "You didn't wipe your legs off before you pulled your bottoms back up. I guess you ruined your clean pants reputation with me on the third pee I know about." She scoffed and waved me off, "That doesn't count, you cheeky boy."

"Whatever you say, Miss Harrison," I said back smarmily, depressing the front door handle and stepping back out into the cool air.

*006*2025-10-01 21:37

{{8 hours ago, XxAbthedevxX said:

Cant wait for more

}}

I really enjoy writing this story so you shouldn't be waiting much longer.

{{On 9/30/2025 at 6:14 AM, Nike said:

Thank you for this, it's great. Looking forward to seeing where it goes.

}}

I appreciate the kind words.

*007*2025-10-03 19:23

Chapter 3: Tight Spaces

For all the rush and excitement of that day with Miss Harrison, the scandalous discovery of deeply held secrets, the intimate moment of indulgence in the cold night air, the next few days were dry, pun not intended. Her number sat in my phone unused beyond a quick exchange of pleasantries to make sure I got the number right and wasn't about to message some random person about the watering of the garden. Part of this was simply life doing its thing to get in the way of all the exciting moments of bursting fun with an endless stream of the mundane and the regular. Miss Harrison had her job and her responsibilities, I had my studies and a part-time gig to support myself. The other part was frankly figuring out how to go forward with this.

I'd never had to think about what to say to a lady in her 40s about her pee kink before, never mind squeezing myself into it all. I was probably overthinking things and should have just gotten on with it and messaged her about it, I had literally stood next to her and watched her flood the grass with a decently full bladder after all, but the deadlock continued for a few days until I finally found myself lying on my bed with my phone in my hands and nothing better to do. The time on my phone told me Miss Harrison would soon be done with her shift, a shift she admitted she often held through, and a spark of confidence and drive surged through me.

Hello Miss Harrison, I hope this message catches you before you leave work. It's about the special work in your garden I helped you with a few days ago. I am free if you would like any more assistance with that today.

I didn't want to spell out that I wanted to help her with her piss kink in case someone looked over her shoulder at the wrong moment. I wasn't sure when or if she would get back to me so I put my phone down and settled down to relax, fetching myself a glass of water as I took it easy. It didn't take 10 minutes for my phone to vibrate on my desk.

Use the spare key to get in and get yourself comfortable, Tom. I'm rushing back ready for it. So, so ready for it.

I didn't need to be told twice. A quick excuse and I was out the door and down the street, finding the spare key in the exact same spot as last time and dashing into her house. The quiet stillness brought my attention to the fact my breathing was anything but quiet as a rush of excitement flowed through me. I stood there shaking and struggling to steady my breathing as my mind raced around what was bound to happen soon. Miss Harrison said she was so ready for this. How badly must she be bursting for a piss right this second in her car? Her tight pencil skirt must be crushing her bladder down under it as the pedals kept her legs open and her mind and focus has to be on the road.

I wondered how she felt knowing her garden grew a few metres closer every second. My hearing latched onto the noise of every car or van that passed by as I paced around her living room and kitchen. I took the time to fill up a mug with water and sip at it to try and settle myself more as I finally heard the sound I had been waiting for. The roar of a car engine pulling up the drive and grinding to halt. I looked down from the kitchen straight out of the front window to see Miss Harrison grabbing stuff out of the passenger seat and then diving out of view as she dashed to the front door.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you for leaving that unlocked for me, Tom," she called from the front door, the stamp of her boots on the doormat echoing out alongside a soft groan. "Can you unlock the back too? Keys are in the lock, please." Her voice was filled with need and stress beyond anything I had heard so far. This wasn't Miss Harrison taking a leisurely stroll into her garden to water the flowers, this was a lady who was bursting for a piss and needed to get somewhere to get it out ASAP. "Getting it open, Miss Harrison," I called back as I twisted the keys and heard her coming through as fast as her desperation would allow.

Her black cardigan had already been shoved off somewhere and she was gripping the cuff of her white shirt as she dug her right hand hard into the front of her skirt. Her shoes scrapped across the kitchen floor as she half hobbled, half desperate jogged up to the back door and the danced in place. "You look like you're having an easy tim there, Miss Harrison,""I remarked, gesturing to her as she crossed her legs and opened the back door. "This is what I am like on the very, very worst days, Tom. I misjudged my coffee at lunch and now I am paying for it by having felt like I am on the verged of drenching my uniform for the last hour." She looked up at me with a smile, "I would have peed at work if you hadn't text me when you did. Consider yourself lucky I risked my car seat for you."

That admission made me feel things I didn't know I could feel. Miss Harrison was on the edge of having an accident and had put her clean car seats on the line just for me? She had pushed her bladder to hold to its limits and beyond for me? I think she could see the cogs turning in my brain through the expression on my face and my sudden silence. "And now I'm risking my clean kitchen floor and having to do a lot of washing for you too, Tom. Ground control to Major Tom, I have to pee right now." She waved her free left hand in front of my face as her right continued to push as hard as she could into the source of pressure.

"Yeah, sorry, I just feel really good knowing you've pushed yourself for me. Thank you so much, Miss Harrison." She nodded and jabbed a thumb towards the garden. "You are welcome, Tom, but I will be pissing myself for you in a few minutes if we wait here much longer. My bladder is at its damn limits. Follow me." She stook her leg out of the door and took a cautious step out onto the patio, groaning softly and humming as the move sent shivers through her bladder and body. "Oh that's bad, so bad," she gasped, tapping her foot and holding herself with both hands.

I stepped out and squeezed by her gently, "Are you okay, Miss Harrison?" She threw her gaze around and tensed up. "I'm going to leak if I try walking all the way to the bottom of the garden like our first time, dammit, dammit," she muttered through gritted teeth. The evening light robbed us of the cover of darkness, and though Miss Harrison's garden did have a lot of cover around us, I knew she was being extra careful after me catching her pissing from above. "What about up against the fence here?" I pointed to a little gap between the outer wall of the kitchen and the start of her flowerbed and bushes up against the fence.

There was just enough bare patio space for her to squeeze in. "Gonna have to be, Tom." She gripped the hem of her pencil skirt and, mindful of being seen, subtly tried to work it up her legs a little more before she stood still in the gap. There wasn't enough room for me to do anything but stand behind her, shielding her more from sight. I watched her hike her skirt up to her hips, bearing her butt covered by her tights and what looked like pink panties under them. "This is torture," I heard her mutter as she stepped in place and hooked her thumbs into the top of her tights. It was at this point that I respectfully looked away.

I had watched her piss with her bottoms down, yes, but only from the side, and I wasn't about to try and see more than I knew she was comfortable with showing. My decency talks louder than my dick. With the position I had to stand at, however, that meant I wouldn't be seeing anything and would have to rely on my ears painting a picture of Miss Harrison's relief. They did not disappoint as I heard her tights and panties fly down her legs, her shoes shuffled as she dropped into a squat, and a sigh as a shift's worth of coffee and waiting burst out of her.

The sound was different from the last two times I heard her piss. Her stream was hitting off the patio stone hard, splashing and hissing, droplets flying everywhere to mark the white stone with a dark stain of Miss Harrison's hard held urine. There were only a few soft moans as she focused on getting it out of her throbbing bladder as fast as she could, no words to say as warm need flowed between her legs and pooled around her shoes. I kept my eyes locked on the other side of the garden as my ears drank in the sound of Miss Harrison peeing a gusher, my pants tightening up, my hands gripping them as my senses swam in the heat of the situation. All I could her and think about was the sound of stream on stone... and then, abruptly, it stopped.

"Ok, ok, I've gotten enough out to take the edge off," said a rushing Miss Harrison, the sound of her tights frantically being pulled up bringing me around as her hands pushed me forward. "Are you not finishing there?" I dragged my feet for a second but quickly dashed inside as she followed me in and closed the door. "Not like that, Tom, no. I'm not even half done but I couldn't stand doing it there like that where you couldn't be involved properly." She locked the door behind us and adjusted her clothes and glasses. "Oh? I was fine with you doing what you had to do there", I responded, "It sounded amazing."

"I am glad you liked it, Tom, and I appreciate you didn't look at my ass without asking first," she replied with a smile, "But you didn't come over to just listen to me pee like you are standing on the other side of the bathroom, neither did I go through all that holding for this to be anything less than perfect." She went and drew the curtains on both sides of the room as she started to feel up under her skirt for leaks on her tights. "This is already incredible, Miss Harrison. I don't know what could make it even more perfect."

"Whatever you like," she replied from the living room part of the open kitchen-living room, still checking up under her skirt. "I think I'm dry... probably, but please make a suggestion as to what you want. I've done this for years and you've only had experience with it for less than a week. What captures your curiosity, Tom?" I looked over at her, saw those pretty green eyes peering expectedly through her glasses back at me, noted her still legs crossed pretty tight, and an overwhelming force propelled the answer to my lips.

"Would you wet yourself for me, Miss Harrison?"

Surprise burst across her face and she stood straight. "Oh, um, huh? That was... pfftt, haaa, very direct and unexpected, Tom." She held her hand over her mouth as she choked on non-existent water, her face going as red as mine. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," I blurted out, "It just hit me outta nowhere to ask that. I think your comment earlier hit a switch or something."

"That I'd be wetting myself for you if I didn't get in the garden right that second?"

"Yeah," I responded, clearing my throat. "Well I would've been if you had been lost in la la land for a moment longer, Tom. The pressure was right there." She gestured to where I assumed her pee hole was with both hands.

"It was close and I still really have to go."

"Well...", I pondered for moment, "Would you go in your tights for me?" She opened her mouth as if to say something and then went quiet. "I... Do you really want me to?" My brain and senses rushed again as I nodded. "Would you?" She started nibbling on her fingernails and looking around, mulling over my request in her head. "You don't have to if you don't want to, Miss Harrison."

"I know," she replied as stepped onto the tiles of the kitchen and away from where the carpet starts, kicking off her shoes. The sound of them clattering away sent my heart racing. She placed a hand on her hip as she kept biting at her fingers. I could hear her breathing grow shaky and deep. "Just stay quiet... let me focus." It was a simple ask that I took to heart as she spread her feet out a little and tried to relax.

It started with a few droplets that fell between her feet and drew a sharp breath and a whimper from her, the warmth spreading and sending a shiver through Miss Harrison. "Ohhhh," she groaned out as her bladder started to unlock. It wasn't a free splashing gusher like the clean pisses outside, it was a slow, hot, spurting, flow that slowly made its way out from being hidden under her skirt as her tights glistened under her kitchen's lights. Her breathing sounded like a cry without tears as she sucked in ragged breaths. I watched it start to drip off her covered ankles and spread under her feet and around her.

The yellow tinge of the puddle was clear to see as Miss Harrison, 43-years old, let her bladder flow through the clothes she had presented a meeting in just a few hours earlier. I was completely at a lost for any sort of words even if she hadn't asked for peace and quiet. All I could focus on was how her tights now shined and stuck to her legs, filled to dripping with her hot piss. Perhaps in another life this would've been how she got in from her drive home to greet me, or how at least the crotch of her pantyhose would've been before she could get it out of the way in favour of using her workplace toilets. What was for certain, however, was that Miss Harrison had just wet herself for me... and I loved it.

She ran her hand through her brown hair and took her glasses off before letting her arms hand by her side. She ran her feet through the puddle and looked down at how it had almost spread to the oak dining table. "I'm done, Tom," she said quietly. "I can- that's a lot, Miss Harrison, I can't put it into words how I feel right now."

"Neither can I," she responded, turning slowly and showing me how the backs of her legs shined from being soaked through.

"Thank you," I said, "I did enjoy it even if I can't find the right words to say how much or how I feel."

"Judging by the fact I can feel the heat of your gaze even over the heat of.. a lot, you liked it a lot, Tom," replied Miss Harrison. I just nodded. "I need to clean this and myself all up, Tom, and get changed, my dinner, and ready for work tomorrow. As much as I would like some more time with you."

"I understand, Miss Harrison. I'll give you some space. You've done more than enough for me today and I can't thank you enough."

"Having someone to let loose with is more than enough thanks for me, Tom. Thank you for letting me be me like this."

We said our goodbyes and I returned home to have my own food and doing some studying before settling down to bed later. I lay there in the dark thinking about everything the happened today. The hum of a notification on my phone roused me from falling asleep to see a message that made my heart jump.

I don't have a shift on Saturday. Come over Friday night.

*009*2025-10-13 19:15

Chapter 4: What are we?

The days passed so painfully fucking slowly after I received that message from Miss Harrison. So short, so sweet, so tantalising in its pledge of something happening. It was like having a text from a lover telling you it's going to be a special night sitting in your pocket while you're still 4 hours away from finishing your shift, not that me and Miss Harrison are lovers. It nibbled away at me whenever I had a quiet moment at home, while studying, or at my little job. I counted at least 6 times I had to take a few minutes to let the effect of remembering 11 words disappear from my face, mind, and, embarrassingly, the front of my pants before I could continue on whatever I was doing. Friday was by far the worst day of all.

I woke up about half an hour after Miss Harrison would've gone for her shift to a message from her. I felt the heat in my face, the shiver travel up my spine. Should I even look at it? It might make the day's wait so, so much fucking worse. Curiosity warred with hesitation and eventually won out. I tapped on the message and opened it. It was video. 

"Fuck," I whispered to myself. The thumbnail was black, her hand covering the camera. I couldn't even guess what was in store for me. A shaking finger tapped on it and brought it to full screen. The darkness was immediately whisked away as Miss Harrison moved her hand away to reveal her bed... and two sets of clothes on it. "Hello Tom, I hope you're doing well today. I'm so sorry about not texting more after the message to let you know today is gonna be a big day. Work has been absolutely packed and I've had precious little time for anything else. Anyway, we'll fix all that later. I want you to look at these clothes and tell me which one you prefer. Just let me know anytime before I drive back from my shift. Thanks." The video ended there.

Which one I prefer? Is she asking me what I think she's asking me? The thought of custom ordering her outfit for, uh, potentially ruining with her full bladder made my heart flutter. Of course an intrusive thought about custom ordering a pizza had to come and ruin the moment too. I scrolled the video back and took a look at my options. Set one was the outfit I first caught her popping a squat in: a long green dress, white outdoor apron, tight, white panties, sunhat, and brown leather boots. Set two was something more casual: blue jeans, white shirt, black panties, trainers. I rubbed my eyes and tried to think.

Both looked amazing. The dress was now tied to my memories, but I'd already seen her do two pisses in them and seen a skirt wetting. The jeans spoke to me in a way I just couldn't throw off. Picturing how the denim would darken and glisten, rivers of warm pee running under them down her legs. It was a hard fight to make my choice. Dress or jeans, dress or jeans, dress or jeans. 

I gripped my phone and forced myself to throw back a response. Jeans please, Miss Harrison. The read notification popped up soon afterwards but no response. I was left to wait impatiently until dinner time when I headed over to use the spare key to get in. I settled down on the sofa and tried, and failed, to not keep my eyes glued to the clock on the wall as my ears searched through the sounds of neighbourhood for her car pulling up on the driveway. 5 minutes, 10, 15, 20, 25. It was at 27 minutes after I had arrived that I heard the sound I had been waiting for followed quickly by the front door opening. "Hello Tom, sorry for the wait!!"

Miss Harrison quickly came in as I got up from the sofa, "It's no problem, Miss Harrison, don't worry about it at all. I've been looking forward to this ever since you sent that late night message." It was at that moment that I realised something. Miss Harrison was already in the outfit that I picked and not the smart clothes she would've to have worn to work. She must've noticed my gaze as she smiled and did a little twirl to show me it all. "What do you think, Tom?" Halfway through the twirl I noticed something that brought the purpose of our evening thundering into the forefront of my mind with a vengeance: the bladder bulge that pressed the denim around her tummy out hard. "I think you look stunning and, if I may, fit to burst, Miss Harrison."

She finished her twirl and ran a hand over her bladder bulge. "Observant tonight, aren't we?", she teased. "Eager tonight, aren't you?", I fired back. She nodded and brushed a hand through her hair. "Well you are not the only one who has been looking forward to this for a few days too, Tom. I've been mentally preparing myself too so I don't lock up at the end like I did last time." The wetting. It had been a high point but also drained us both with a flood of emotion and indulgence. "There's nothing wrong with needing time and space, Miss Harrison. Don't feel bad for how suddenly that night ended. I enjoyed it."

"And so did I, Tom, and I know there's nothing to be sorry about. I just... really want more to happen. I want to indulge in this more with you and be happy." She crossed her legs as she spoke, the sound of denim rubbing rough against denim filling my ears as she tried to ease some pressure deep inside her. "You teased that I was eager tonight before, Tom, and you couldn't be more damn right about it. I've finally got someone to enjoy this with after so, so many years of keeping it to myself. I have desires and so much time to make up for just as you're excited to learn for yourself." She opened her legs again, and wiped at her eyes. "We've done so little so far... but I love it so much."

I stayed quiet throughout, feeling it better to let her speak her mind and giving myself time to think on what to say. "And I love our time together too, Miss Harrison. I want to do everything I can to help you feel incredible. If you want to indulge more and do more, I'm all for it. We can make up for all the time you've had to keep this hidden." I didn't notice that we both happened to be getting physically closer to one another as we spoke. I don't think Miss Harrison did either. Some part of both of us felt that staying apart just wasn't quite right at this moment. It was only when we were right up against one another that we stopped, breathing heavy, bodies shivering but far from cold. "It seems we have a heart to heart like this every time we speak," said Miss Harrison, almost breathing it into my shoulder. "I didn't think I'd have so many in my life while bursting for a piss."

She giggled softly and bounced on the spot. "I didn't think I'd ever have any with a bursting lady dancing for the bathroom in front of me." I replied, "Do you..."

"Need to take a break? No," said Miss Harrison quickly, "I think there's things we need to talk about right here, right now."

"Even when you're about to piss yourself?"

"Especially while I'm about to piss myself, Tom. But while I'm sitting down to help the pressure." We broke away from each other as Miss Harrison walked with a hand between her legs over to the sofa and sat down, crossing her legs tight and taking her phone out of her pocket. "Out of the splash zone," she remarked with a pained smile, the joke not landing well with her bladder. I sat down next to her "So then what are we talking about?"

"What are we, Tom?", she asked plainly, turning to face me.

The question took me off guard. "I'm sorry. I know it is a big question without warning, Tom, but I feel like it's one we really need to answer. We aren't exactly doing what most would consider to be in the bounds of a regular friendship. You're studying and working part-time, I've got a career and, although she's far off at university right now, my daughter to think about. I'd like to know what we are in concrete terms."

"Umm," was about the best response I could make. What were we? The question was as big to me now as it was to her. What could we consider ourselves? "Well... we're not dating, I think." She shook her head.

"Too early, way too early." I didn't even want to begin to figure out how I would explain 21-year old me getting into a relationship with a woman 22 years old than me to my family. "Agreed on that then. How about..." I paused as the term that came to mind made more than my cheeks burn hot. "Special friends with benefits?" Miss Harrison blinked for a moment. "That- might be the best term." She looked down and ran her hands through her hair. "I thought I had my last one of those at 23," she muttered.

"You told me you enjoy this for pleasure when we had our first talk about it, Miss Harrison. I don't know what other term we could use that would fit." She leaned back and suddenly let out an, "ooh fuck," as a wave of desperation rolled over her, legs bouncing fast as she fought against the warm ocean inside to keep control. "You okay, Miss Harrison?" She nodded, eyes shut tight. "Yeah, yeah, I've still got control, Tom. I'll accept your suggested label then. Actually leads me nicely to the other burning question I had on my mind." She opened her eyes again and allowed herself to relax a little. "Go for it," I said. "Be completely 100% honest with me here, Tom, please. I will be straight with you too. Do you want to touch me?"

She looked me in the eye as she said it, watching the gears turn behind my own as I processed her question. It felt like I was dreaming. "Umm, like in general or- yes, yes I do want that." The blush and intensity I felt watching Miss Harrison pop a squat or piss herself couldn't compare to what I was feeling admitting that. The wording was "touch" but I felt like I had just admitted to her that I wanted to do a lot more than that, and that she probably knew that. "Hey, Tom, it's okay. I would like that too."

"You would?" She nodded, "Mhmm, I really would. Did you have somewhere on your mind?" I thought for a moment and then brought my legs up onto the sofa. "Can we just... cuddle for a minute? We almost did the first time you popped a squat for me and I-" I didn't need to say anything more before her arms were around me and mine around her. We sat there in silence, her jeans rubbing together as she squirmed softly against the warm river filling her aching bladder, and I think we both felt a state of complete serenity.

"Elaine," she whispered. "Call me Elaine.

Apologies for the long break between this and the last chapter. I've been busy, ill for the last few days, and honestly lost track of how long it had been since I wrote anything. I plan for the next chapter to be out in the next few days. Thank you all so much for the support this story has seen.

*013*2025-10-27 20:58

I apologise for the break this story, and all my stories and story ideas honestly, has gone on. Been super busy starting up work. I hope to have the chance to continue this soon.

