The Era of Dead Sun

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-07-10 03:56

Prologue - The Sundown Children

#1 sat in silence, staring towards the padded wall of her cell. Why did they have to be padded? To torture her? To trap her here among the living?

She was a perfect child, they all were. They were manufactured with that in mind. Perfect intelligence, perfect physical condition, perfect uniform looks. But there was a reason they made 5. They couldn't get it right. And yet they proceeded, blind to the children they had left to rot.

#1 was the oldest, the first, and the only who had memory of the sun. Life was different back then. She suspected whatever made the sun dissapear affected her as well. They called her perfect... look at her now.

This was the way for all of them. #4 was made with the last of their resources. She was just like the rest, but this time they couldn't afford failure. The poor thing was beaten, tortured, abused beyond recognition. All because it couldn't speak.

Then was #5. No one knew how it happened. There wasn't enough resources, that's what they said. So how did #5 come to be?

But #1 knew. She was always the closest to the followers, and they weren't careful enough. When she got out of here, she would make them pay.

#1 heard a commotion somewhere in the facility. Not even 3 minutes later her cell door slammed open.

"Follow me" A masked figure ordered

###

Sorry for putting these in the same topic, the prologue was added after the fact. It's also posted as a standalone topic below, so feel free to read the notes on that.

###

Chapter 1 - welcome home

"Why do I have to do this again?" Hope squirmed. She was a skinny, young white girl with hair the color of dirt. All together unremarkable. She wore a gray sports bra with torn jeans and soft pink panties pulled down to her waist.

"Apocalypse right of passage, now piss on that wall already." Lori groaned. "At this rate, I'm going to get a sunburn." The sun hadn't been seen by anyone in about a decade. It still existed, of course, humanity would be dead without it. It was just... dark. All the time.

Lori was about a year younger than Hope, which made Hope a bit mad she was being ordered around by her. Lori was a short Asian girl with black hair, a literal storage unit full of bubble gum, and an attitude to justify the bubble gum. All this came together to make her the natural leader of her survivor group.

Hope swallowed what little pride she possessed and popped a squat facing the wall. Using the technique Lori showed her, she angled her stream towards the stain on the wall. The stream slowed down to a stop after a few seconds. Hope let it drip for a while, as not to stain a good pair of panties.

"Your first piss out in the city. Well done." Lori smiled at her. Hope was officially a member of the squad. "It's tomato season in the garden, do you know what that means!?"

"Pizza party!" They both shouted in unison as they started back to home base. They recognized the glow of the TV as they got closer. The laptop connected to it was completely useless without internet, so they just threw up the only image they had on there.

It was some old internet celebrity from a streaming site called "twitch". He had a very odd face. All his videos were stored on the laptop, and they were very... interesting. Lori particularly liked the one where he said "giant enemy spider".

"Welcome back, Lori! And welcome to the group, Hope!" The gangs crackhead scientist, Zach-o-diah, or just Zach-o, greeted them. He had clearly just gotten back from the kitchen, as he smelled like herbs and spices. He was the only man in the group, and also the only member who didn't like girls. "The others are waiting in the courtyard near the front entrance, tell them the pizzas almost done!"

"So you guys live in a storage facility?" Hope admired the ways in which the individual units were utilized. She saw several rooms, the first few by the exit were sleeping quarters, all decorated with various bits and bobs. The next few looked to be gaming rooms. One with an old Nintendo, another with a bunch of connected PC's. Oddly enough, she never saw a bathroom.

"Yeah. Theres a unit for pretty much everything." Lori rubbed her legs together. No bathrooms, though. "You should meet the gang."

Lori and Hope stepped out into the open courtyard. Three girls sat around a fire.

The one who immediately stood out to Hope was a small girl with a hoodie way too big for her. She couldn't be older than... oh no. She forgot they had existed. There were so few of them, she thought she would never meet one. Between her age, and the symbol on her hoodie, it was nearly confirmed. A product of the sundowners. Lori saw the horrified look in Hope's eyes.

"That's Sunny. She chose the name herself. Tragic, isn't it?" Lori sat down next to the little girl. Sunny stared into the fire with a primal longing in her eyes.

"No reason to be sad. The earth has survived the power of 6.8 billion nuclear bombs in the past. It's only us that will die." Sunny said. Lori hugged the little girl.

"Let's leave them be for now." Another girl with blue hair and pronouns drew attention away from Sunny. "I'm May. I actually took the time to learn Zach-o's insane scooter bike combo, so I'm the top pick for expeditions. I also manage our resources. With you here, I might actually have to do my job."

"And I'm Ella!" Chirped a chipper girl. "I'm our doctor, believe it or not! And our therapist... Ooh! I have another job that I'm not going to talk about with Sunny here, but ask me about it later!"

"Trust me, you want to ask." May chuckled.

"I know what your job is, Ella." Sunny said.

"Oh yeah? What is it?" Ella challenged.

"You cuddle with the girls to make them feel better." Sunny said.

"...Yes! That's exactly it! A perfect description of my other job! No details missing at all!" Ella lied rather obviously. "I trust you understand what my other job is, thanks to Sunny here?"

"Yeah, I think I have a good idea." Hope winked. The group chuckled.

"Guess what, everyone?" Zach-o arrived on the scene with a fresh and fragrant pizza pie in his hands. "Pizza time!"

"Pizza is my favorite. I trust you made a slice of cheese for me?" Sunny said.

"Of course, Sunny-bun!" Zach-o said while handing out the slices. "Ooh, May, how have things been with duck girl?"

"Things have been pretty alright. Saw her a few times around the city." May accounted. "I might bring Sunny to her nest for a hangout tomorrow. I'm sure they would looooove to see each other." Sunny tugged on the hem of her hoodie.

"Speaking of, Sunny, after dinner you're going to bed. It's already way past your bedtime." Lori prepared for an argument.

"Ok. I'm getting tired anyway." Sunny said. She finished her pizza and ambled off to her room.

"Uh guys..." Lori squirmed. She played it up for the new girl. "I gotta pee." The girls exchanged a smirk.

"Well, you could always pop a squat over the drain pipe." May offered. "Or you're just going to have to hold it."

Lori really did have to pee pretty badly, so she took the easy option. Facing the three girls, she squatted over the drain and pissed hard. Lori's bladder was so strong that she could pass off a mild need to pee as being about to piss herself easily. Ella got up and walked over to Lori.

"Good girl." Ella whispered sensually. And suddenly Lori was no longer whimpering from just relief. God, this girl made her weak. Ella kissed her cheek. She dragged Lori somewhere else in the facility.

"And that's what a typical night looks like here. All be it, it was extremely played up and expedited." May clarified.

"Should I be embarrassed to admit that I'm kinda horny?" Hope asked.

"No, I am too. You want to fix that?" May made a scissor shape with her fingers and ran her tongue through it.

"Yeah!" And so they ran off as well.

Zach-o-diah just sat there being sad. Since there were no other men in the settlement, he would never have game like the girls there. Even sunny managed to get an adorable little relationship with duck girl. Eh, whatever.

###

This is pretty different to the fanfic stuff I've done recently. Sorry if you wanted more of that, I just thought maybe if I dont tie a story to a hyperfixation, I can stay dedicated to it.

Disclaimer: there is a kid in this, but the kid will be given exclusively cute or sad moments. There will be nothing sexual or wierd happening to the child. Crazy that I gotta say that, but unfortunately it isn't just a given.

It had to be a child because exploring how a child born into an apocalyptic world that has never seen the sun feels and lives is something I want to do in this series. I'm going to make you guys sad and shit argghh.

*005*2024-07-15 03:02

{{6 hours ago, WaterfallSound said:

Which one of them downloaded every Jerma vod? And why?

Really good story by the way.

}}

The implication was that they have Jerma's computer. Jerma is canon in the apocalypse.

*006*2024-07-15 04:32

Omg it's not even been a day at the time of writing this intro and I already want to write MORE!

###

2- Expedition.

May coasted through the city with the grace of a dancer. Carefully avoiding broken glass and trash on the ground. She had to admit, the new scooter-bike model was very impressive.

Sunny sat on a compartment in the vehicle. Ever since model 2, they had implemented a Sunny carrier. Though she might not show it, Sunny was excited to see her friend.

May stopped the vehicle and helped sunny out of her seat.

"Ok, from here we walk to the pond." May explained. "You excited?"

"Yes." Sunny said. As Sunny spoke, a figure emerged from the bushes. It beckoned Sunny to follow.

"I'll leave you two and the ducks alone. I'll be back to pick her up later!" May yelled as she rode away. Today was an important job. She had received intell that the factory had been working on something before the city was evacuated, something big. May was ready for whatever was to come.

"Hel-Hello, [ID:M4Y]-" The automaton greeted. "How may I b-bee of ssssssservice?" The voice belonged to Robot, an honorary member of the group. After the killswitch was pulled on the AI in the area, some other rogue group uploaded their own code to the network, effectively making a new AI. Robot, as they called it, was designed to assist survivors.

"Don't suppose there are any bathrooms? I'm absolutely dying for a piss right now." May inquired.

"HA HA HA. This city has not had plumbing in... 12 years." Robot laughed a strange mechanical laugh.

"Kinda figured it'd be a no on that. You know anything about a special project here?" May got to the point. She really was dying for a piss.

"Yes ma-am. Board the lift." Robot instructed. May cautiously boarded the old piece of machinery. They took off towards their destination. May heard a ding. "Here you are. Survive safely!"

May cautiously entered the room. She immediately saw something in the middle of the room. A drone of some sort. It looked to be modular, with many open slots for various attachments. She grabbed it.

This had been a mistake. An alarm started blaring through the halls of the facility, and the friendly face of Robot shifted to something sinister. Security. They had been taken out with the rest of the AI, but they remained dormant. Now, they were needed.

"SYSTEMS ONLINE." Her earpiece chimed. "In an effort to save my code, I have uploaded myself to your bodily implants. Their full function has been restored."

"Hell yeah, Robot!" May turned to the security bot chasing her. She pushed a hand into it, deleting its code. It was now a husk.

"It seems you remember how to use these." Robot complimented. "You should know that your bladder is at 95% capacity."

"Trust me, I'm well aware." May grumbled. She made it back to the platform, and sent it back to the entrance. Her mind immediately went to Sunny. She wouldn't forgive herself if something happened to her.

She jumped on the scooter-bike and dashed towards the pond. She parked it near the dead forest's edge and sprinted down the rough trail. She let out a breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding in at the sight of the two.

"Not to interrupt your cuddling, but this place isn't safe. Security is back online." May explained. "We need to get you both to the warehouse."

The girl shook her head.

"Sunny, translate." May hurried. She didn't have time for this.

"This place is safer. Automatons can't traverse the terrain, and drones can't get through the trees."

"Confirmed. Even if they could 12 years ago, they certainly can't now." Robot pitched in, turning on speaker mode.

"Ok, fine. I'll go inform the others. Duck, we got permission to stay here until I can figure out the security problem?" May asked, shifting her weight from one foot to the other. The duck girl nodded.

"Bladder nearing 100% capacity. Relieve yourself immediately." Robot advised, still on speaker. May's face went beat red as she turned and ran to her vehicle. Operating the thing with one hand shoved between her legs was not easy, but she managed it.

She parked outside the warehouse and busted through the doors, her hands joining at their spot between her legs. She located everyone in the courtyard.

"Everyone!" She shouted to get everyone's attention. "We need to get to the park! Security is back online and we aren't safe here!"

She didn't even wait for a response before grabbing her evac-pack and running. They prepared them in case of an emergency like this, where they had to evacuate the warehouse fast. The rest of the group followed suit.

When they finally reached the park, May dropped her pack and ran into the forest. When she got far enough away, she began to fumble with her overalls.

"118%" Robot's voice filled her ear. She couldn't get her arms unhooked! "119%" She finally got then unhooked, but her zipper was caught. She could feel her control slipping- "120%" And just like that, her mods forced her muscles apart.

Piss flooded her panties, utterly soaking them and running down her legs. A steaming hot puddle formed at her feet, pooling like the intense pleasure inside her. It took forever for her stream to die down, but when it did~... Fuck dignity, she was horny!

She practically ripped off her overalls, and peeled away her panties. She stuck a hand up her shirt, and started circling her nipple with it. With her other hand, she made a similar motion around her clit.

After a bit of doing this, she plunged 2 fingers into her pussy. She started slowly, just an in and out motion. She gradually sped up to a speed she liked, moaning with every movement. After about 20 minutes, she reached her climax. The pleasure was overwhelming. The pure euphoria distracted her from it all, even for just a fleeting moment.

And so May sat there. Buck naked, right next to a puddle of piss, hands covered in her own juices. As she got herself cleaned up, she really hoped tomorrow would be better to her.

###

Bruh I got almost this whole chapter done, had to Google something at the very end, and it deleted the whole ending due to a forced reload. If the ending is bad, trust me it was way better before I had to rewrite it.

*007*2024-07-16 04:25

Nananananananana prologue! I just thought of a solid path for the rest of this story, but it does require a prologue so... this is that!

###

Prologue - The Sundown Children

#1 sat in silence, staring towards the padded wall of her cell. Why did they have to be padded? To torture her? To trap her here among the living?

She was a perfect child, they all were. They were manufactured with that in mind. Perfect intelligence, perfect physical condition, perfect uniform looks. But there was a reason they made 5. They couldn't get it right. And yet they proceeded, blind to the children they had left to rot.

#1 was the oldest, the first, and the only who had memory of the sun. Life was different back then. She suspected whatever made the sun dissapear affected her as well. They called her perfect... look at her now.

This was the way for all of them. #4 was made with the last of their resources. She was just like the rest, but this time they couldn't afford failure. The poor thing was beaten, tortured, abused beyond recognition. All because it couldn't speak.

Then was #5. No one knew how it happened. There wasn't enough resources, that's what they said. So how did #5 come to be?

But #1 knew. She was always the closest to the followers, and they weren't careful enough. When she got out of here, she would make them pay.

#1 heard a commotion somewhere in the facility. Not even 3 minutes later her cell door slammed open.

"Follow me" A masked figure ordered

###

As you can see, this is a shorter chapter than usual. I felt like I should just get this out. If you didn't pick up on it, #4 and #5 (the mute, and the perfect) are Duck Girl and Sunny respectively.

Edit: btw I put the prolouge at the beginning too. If you see new stuff there, rest assured it's not important if you already read this post.

Edit 2:rewrote the whole thing.

*008*2024-07-19 03:30

DISCLAIMER!!!: THIS CHAPTER IS OLD AND NON-CANON. A SEPERATE CHAPTER THREE WILL BE LISTED BELOW.

###

Chapter NOT CANON: Back to school

Ella hadn't been here for years. Honestly she was glad to leave the building behind when the sun went black, but here she was. The first "module", as May called it was somewhere in this building.

Ella tried not to think about it. She tried so damn hard, but the memories came. Like they always did. She had noticed how the seniors would look at her. Of course she had, she wasn't stupid. It was harmless, right? Until they weren't just looking anymore.

"Hey, Ella, you doing alright?" Lori patted her shoulder. Ella hoped she wasn't crying.

"Y-Yeah. Fine." Ella lied.

"We can go back-"

"No." Ella interrupted. She had to do this.

"... Ok." Lori withdrew her hand from Ella's shoulder. "I'm picking up a signal, it's in this area."

The science wing. Of course. A memory surfaced in Ella.

~~~

Ella sat at the back of the class. Her teacher was on some sort of righteous tirade. She always found these entertaining, but today she couldn't pay attention.

Science was her last class of the day, which meant that she hadn't used the bathroom for 6 hours. She hadn't been able to use the one at school since before... it made the headlines for weeks. In a way, she was lucky. She wasn't forced to keep the kid...

All that being said, she had to go terribly. Both hands clenched over her womanhood, legs bouncing up and down. Thank god she was at the back of the room. She just had to swallow her pride and ask. She raised her hand.

"AND IN JUST 1 YEAR, WE WILL ALL BE DE- Yes, Elanore?" The teacher called on her.

"I really need to use the restroom, sir! May I?" Ella desperately asked. Ok, she did it! Now, she could just run outside or to a secluded area and piss!

"It's 30 minutes till the end of class, you can hold it." And the teacher continued his yelling.

Shit. Ella was going to piss herself. She had accepted that now, it was going to happen. She tried to figure out how she could play it off. Her social life was already ruined, but maybe she could revive it with this. If she was known for sticking it to that teacher instead of... The culprit wasn't even behind bars. The pig who did that to her got away with a slap on the wrist...

She wouldn't be such a pariah! She put on her best 'I told you so' face and let go... and no one even looked in her direction. They were all too distracted by the teachers ranting. Shit.

~~~

There were many more memories like that. Most ended in her making it home, or just peeing in some bushes. She wasn't sure when this curse became a kink, but it must have been after the apocalypse started.

She still remembered that horrid day, but it didn't rule her life like it did back then. Still, being in this school wasn't helping. She wondered if they even cleaned up the bloodstains on those bathroom tiles...

"Found the thing!" Lori called from the robotics room. It was an attachment for the drone May stole, it looked like a giant battery. "Let's go, this place is disgusting. There was a chair in one of those rooms that looked like it had been pissed in and never cleaned."

Sorry for the short chapter, the next few will be longer.

*009*2024-07-21 03:24

Hey guys! Quick thing: I'm not really happy with the last chapter. It's too short and kinda just nothing in terms of exploring the world. I also put a bit too much of my own trauma in there and I kinda want to rewrite it. What are y'alls opinions on this? I guess up if you think I should, down if it's fine. (Typically I get someone to proofread my stuff before posting but I would sooner die than show this to my friends)

*011*2024-07-22 02:45

{{9 hours ago, DesperateFarm said:

Do rewrite it if you want!

In terms of worldbuilding, I don't know if this was clarified in one of the earlier chapters and I missed it, but what exactly are the "modules"? Also, in the rewrite, can we get a small explanation or at least a hint of what the gang's mission is?

}}

Oh crap yeah! I completely forgot to talk about what they are actually doing! I'll make sure to do that in the rewrite!

*012*2024-07-22 03:46

Heres the new and (hopefully) improved chaper 3! I'm going to be real its entirely different because I thought of better ideas for how to connect the two parts of the story.

###

Chapter 3: operation cloudstrike

"Everyone!" May yelled. Everyone else quieted down. "I have gathered you here today to discuss what I found on my latest expedition."

Lori raised an eyebrow. They never found anything on the expeditions.

"You may be wondering why Sunny and Duck were not invited to the meeting-"

"Just cut to the chase already!" Lori shouted. She was sitting on the edge of her metaphorical seat. She hadn't used the restroom before this meeting. She didn't she would have to, the meetings usually took less than 5 minutes!

"Alright, I got it!" May chuckled as she pulled out a mysterious x-shaped object out front behind her back. "I have found the body of this drone! It was being designed to remove harmful pollutants from the air, but the sun's disappearance cut the project short. The parts have all been made, but never put together. From working out the engineering, I believe this could mean the first sunny day in 12 years."

The group jumped into discussions before Lori could even blink. She couldn't leave, lest she miss anything important being discussed.

About 2 hours had passed before they agreed on a course of action. They called it operation cloudstrike. Expeditions of 2 people each would be sent to various sites around the city to grab the drone parts. Those 2 hours were torturous for Lori.

Lori couldn't move. It was the end of the meeting, everyone but May had left. Shr just couldn't move. Well, couldn't is a stretch, but she would certainly lose control if she tried.

"Hey Lori, you alright?" May asked despite it being very obvious what was wrong. She decided to tease the desperate girl.

"Y-Yeah!" Lori lied.

"Ok. Well I'm gonna go piss. Oh, fuck, I need it bad. I can't even imagine how good the relief is going to feel." May played up her very real desperation.

"S-Stop-" Lori whispered.

"What was that?" May asked as she began pouring a glass of water.

"I-I really need to pee! I dont think I can even stand without wetting myself-" Lori admitted.

"There you go. I'll carry you to the edge of the lake." May chuckled as she scooped up Lori.

"May-!" Lori yelled. She let out a long spurt into her panties, a drop landing on May's arm. "M-May! Seriously I can't hold it!"

"Then let go." Not even May thought she was that bold. Damn this was hot.

"I-I dont have a choice!" Lori stammered as her strength finally gave out. May's arm was covered almost immediately, and she also found it increasingly hard to hold.

May ran toward the lake, a trail of Lori's pee following her. She tried to pull off her shorts, but the newfound proximity to water made it near impossible to hold in her pee. And so, despite her best efforts she felt the familiar feeling of piss spraying into her panties. She had lost it, just like Lori.

###

Maybe I've lost my touch idk. I think this one is better but it's still really short. Eh. It did what I set it out to do.

*015*2024-07-23 04:22

{{11 hours ago, PPP said:

I like the world building and characters and would be happy to see this continue. One question: what's a "duck girl"?

}}

It's Sunny's friend. They take care of the ducks. I'll just be calling them "Duck" in later chapters, hopefully that will clear some confusion.

*016*2024-07-24 05:06

Hey yall I think this may be going on a temporary hiatus. Kinda lost all motivation to do anything due to events in my personal life. I dont know when I will get back to this but rest assured I want to someday. In other words, see yall in like a month probably.

*020*2024-08-02 05:14

I'm baaaaaaaack! Idk when this chapter will release actually as I'm trying to make this chapter better than the last! Currently its July 31. I think I just had to take a break for a bit to get the juices flowing. Don't worry yall I'm doing fine. Saying I wouldn't stop this story for the world would be literal I want to watch it burn.

###

Chapter 4: One

The girl hopped from building to building, her swords cutting gracefully through the air and the security bots surrounding her. The rush from these mindless drones isn't as good as the real thing, but it'll satiate her for now. Oh, what she would give for spotify. Or functioning internet.

Or functioning plumbing. She was really loving the whole 'Turn off your brain! Kill kill kill!' Thing, don't get her wrong, but she seriously had to piss. Normally she would just pull her costume to the side and pee on one of these guys for a cool finishing move, but noooooo she had to 'wear actual armor' and 'stop pulling your skintight costume off you whore'. She could practically hear Dove's condescending voice. Dammit she's 3 years younger than her, why is she bossing her around!?

God she wished she were killing real people. Her first kills had been so... cathartic. They had been terrible people. Cultists, rapists, abusers. 4 and 5, those poor kids. That's her mission, actually, to find those girls. She just got a little sidetracked.

"Ugh!" She yelled in agony as a security drone shot her right in the bladder. By some miracle, she was able to stop the stream.

"Hey, Una." Trace sounded through her earpiece "Look I can't have you pissing in my armor suit. I'm locking your bladder, ok? Call me when you need it unlocked."

Fuck. Ohhhhh fuck. She had neglected to tell Trace that her call button wasn't working. That really bit her in the ass, huh? Ok, uh, she can tell her later. Right now she had a good lead on the whereabouts of 4 and 5.

She wondered how far they'd come in the 6 years since they seen eachother. She wondered what she would see in place of the poor beaten girl and the child they tore from her. Anyway, time to make her grand and very very desperate entrance. At least she didn't need to worry about wetting herself.

She dropped down on a zipline, doing her best not to squirm. The harness was digging into her locked bladder. She landed face first on the dirt of the dead forest. Good thing no one saw that. She ventured further in.

~~~

Sunny and Duck sat by the pond, feeding the ducks. There were less and less each day. Duck wasn't taking it well. She cried as she handed out food for what could very well be the last time. Sunny held and arm around her, trying to comfort her. Suddenly they heard a branch snap behind them.

"Hey... kids!" A strange cyborg robot girl said from behind them. Duck signed something at the girl. "Ah, hello four." Sunny was shocked beyond belief.

"How do they know your language?" Sunny said. Duck signed back in confusion.

"Simple, really." Replied the strange girl. "I grew up with you two."

"That's impossible. Duck and I grew up with our group. The only other people we even know are..." Sunny said. It finally clicked. "Number... One?"

"Y-Yes indeed. Call me Una" Una had to get away from this pond. It was making her need even worse. "You said you had a group? Please take me there." Sunny obliged.

"Here we are." Sunny said. The group all looked warily at the stranger the kid dragged in.

"Robot, scan." May tried to sound intimidating.

"Roger roger!" Robot ruined the illusion. "Height: 5' 5". Weight: 140 lbs. Heart rate: 80 bpm. Age: 24 years. Bladder: 750 millilitres, or 150%."

"Jesus, are you alright!?" Lori rushed to the girls side. "That isn't healthy, you need to pee this instant!"

"She can't" May pointed out the red light near her crotch. "That means her bladder has been locked. We can interrogate you later, for now we need to hack into your bladder implant. May led Una to her lab tent.

"If you get it off I'll piss instantly!" Una started groping at herself, now in privacy.

"Ok, first we can take off this armor." May started to unhook and remove her suit. Una started to get a little red in the face. "Are you comfortable with me removing your crotch cover?" Una nodded. As the implants parts slid out of her pussy, she let out an involuntarily moan.

"Now the way that this is going to work is, I have to administer a series of vibrations until I get the right one to remove your lock." May explained. "The bad part -or good part if you're kinky- is that these need to be administered to the clitoris. Should we begin?"

"I... uh... sure..." Una sounded unsure.

"Hey, what's going on? Comfort is my primary goal here, you can tell me if something's bothering you." May assured.

"I'm uh... um... well..." Una tried to find the words. "I'malesbianandiwillcumifyousomuchastouchme... Ok I, uh, I'm ready..."

"Oh don't worry, most folks I've done this procedure on have orgasmed." May turned on the modified vibrator and put it against the desperate girls clit. "Now this is going to vibrate in slowly increasing intensity until we find the right level. Once that has been reached it will stay on that level until your bladder has been unlocked."

Una let out a soft moan as the modified vibrator started up. This was somehow making her need so much worse. The pain was excruciating.

"D-Do we have no better way to do this?" Una asked through gritted teeth.

"I could've used my fingers I suppose, but it would be the same general motion." May smirked at the poor girl. Una's face went beat red. "So how do you know sunny?"

"Do you know about the sundowners?" Una followed up.

"Of course. I know she was one of their... subjects. How does that relate to you?" May asked, a hint of suspicion in her tone.

"I was their first subject. I grew up with Sunny and... does the other one have a name?" Una refrained from calling her '4'.

"We just call her Duck. I didn't actually know she was a sundown kid too. Anyway, I thought they were all kids?" May continued to press the naked girl.

"W-Well we all got made at different times. I myself was made 12 years before the sun went dark." Una was starting to get into uncomfortable territory.

"Interesting word choice." May commented.

"Yeah, Sunny was the only one with a mother." Una seriously didn't want any further questions.

"And who was that mother?" May asked. Clearly she had said something wrong because tears began falling down the girl's cheek. She paused the vibration sequence and got some tissues. "Hey, you're ok, you dont have to answer."

"No, no, you should know. I just get like this when I think about it." If Una had any dignity to begin with, it was certainly gone by now. "I'm her mother. Biologically, anyway. They thought... They thought that if anyone was going to birth a perfect child it would be a previous subject. The burden fell onto me."

"Do you need a hug?" May offered. Una nodded. May wrapped her arms around the crying girl. "Those people are dead, you know. They can't hurt you now."

"I killed them." Una confirmed. They sat like that for a while until Una was finally ready to go again. Her need had gotten even worse, and her bladder was bulging far out of her normally slim figure.

"P-Please start the vibrator back up." Una pleaded to the cybernetically enhanced girl. May obliged.

"It looks like we've found the right intensity. A fair warning, piss will shoot out of you like a pressure washer when this unlocks. Brace yourself." May warned.

"I'm just happy to get this over wi- AAAAaaaaAAAAaaAAhhHH" Una moaned as the lock began to slip. The slow trickle was killing her, but it was all she could do with the lock still partially in place. She felt a click and suddenly her piss shot across the tent.

May was very glad she kept the back of the tent open to the forest. Una's stream was stronger than any she had ever seen, and it wasn't even dying down. The look on her face was orgasmic. May made a note to experiment with this later.

After minutes of pissing, Una's stream finally started to die down. She felt incredible and so relieved. She must have climaxed at least 2 times. If the vibrator hadn't been removed, she might've hit 5.

"Una! Why did your bladders levels just plummet!?" Trace scolded through her earpiece. "You won't be able to hold a drop until I fix your lock! For your sake I hope you've found the targets already because you aren't coming back without them just so you don't have to deal with the consequences of your own actions."

"Why didn't you just disable the lock!? I would've done the same for you at 120 percent, let alone 150!" Una argued.

"Girls, girls, you're both pretty." A third voice chimed in. Dove. "Oh, yeah, I forgot to tell you Trace, but Una's call button is broken."

"YOU MOTHERFUCKER, YOU KNEW!?" Una yelled into her microphone. "You could've saved me the worst pain I've had in my entire damn life! God I hate you!"

"Welp, according to your system you ended up having 3 separate orgasms because of it. I'll take that win." Dove teased.

"YOU CAN SEE THAT ON OUR SYSYEMS!?!?" Trace and Una yelled in unison.

###

I actually really like how this chapter turned out! This is hopefully the quality I'm going to reach or surpass with the rest of this story, so I hope you like it too! Maybe at some point I can even turn this into a comic, I've been practicing up on my art lately. Eh, probably not, but a girl can dream.

*021*2024-08-03 03:26

Back at it again at Krispy Kreme.

###

Chapter 5: Museum

Hope was beaming with delight as she gathered up her notebooks and gear. Being a massive history and art buff, the trip to the museum had been at the top of her bucket list. And now, they finally had a reason to visit!

This was also going to be Hope's first mission with the group! Lori and May had to stay behind to interrogate and fix the bladder of the weird girl, so she was with Ella. They started off through the dead forest.

"Are you excited to see the museum?" Hope asked, practically skipping along next to Ella.

"I just want to get the thing and go. I'm sure it's interesting, but I'd argue a cyborg with apparently murderous tendencies is more so." Ella shrugged.

"Like may doesn't have that same description!" Hope dismissed. "Well there are a couple exhibits I want to see, so we're going to be here for a while."

"The more time we spend here, the less risk we have of being killed by the crazy cyborg." Ella conceded. Hope noticed Ella tensing her legs a bit.

"Did you go to the bathroom before we left?" Hope teased. She was going to have fun with this. One of the exhibits she was most excited for was the urine exhibit. It was less weird than it sounded.

"S-Shut up!" Ella avoided making eye contact with Hope. The truth was that Hope hadn't peed before they left either. There was actually something she wanted to do at the museum that required a full bladder.

They arrived at the museum at last. They looked through exhibit upon exhibit, Hope eagerly scribbling in her notebook at what seemed like every turn. Slowly, their desperation increased. It was when they got to the dinosaurs that Hope had to really concentrate on her bladder.

"Do you also have to pee right now?" Hope asked the ginger haired girl.

"I've had to go since the woods." Ella admitted sheepishly.

"Perfect! Follow me!" Hope began towards the right wing of the crumbling building. Ella struggled to keep up, dreading the ominous sentiment. At last the two arrived at 'The Art and History of Urine'.

"Are you trying to make me piss myself?" Ella smirked.

"What? No! We are going to contribute to art! And to make the best possible contribution we have to be very desperate." Hope explained. They walked through halls and halls of paintings depicting the act of peeing before they entered a large room with years attached to exhibits. In the center of the room sat a fountain of sorts, still running despite its disrepair.

The two girls went through the history of urine path. Even Ella had to admit that some of this stuff was cool. Apparently, pee used to be a lot more than just waste to some cultures. They ended the self-guided tour in a very desperate state. It didn't help that the fountain could be heard echoing all through the room.

"Ok... Now that we REALLY have to p-pee-" Hope let loose a large spurt into her panties. "F-Follow me!" Hope ran towards the fountain, hopping from foot to foot when she finally got to the edge.

"Ahh~ Why did you bring us c-closer~~~?" Ella moaned.

"P-Pull down your pants!" Hope ordered as she did the same. She perched herself on the edge of the fountain. It took all of her willpower not to full force spray into it. "Now p-p-pee!!"

And so they peed. The sound was amazing, the water trickling down the fountain combined with the spray of their piss against the bottom pool. Ella and Hope were definitely going to need some alone time later.

As their streams died down, so did their desire to stay. They located the drone part they needed from the back room of the museum and began the trek back home.

"Hope, it just occured to me, was that fountain all..." Ella implied.

"Pee? Yep! It was a collaborative art piece!" Hope confirmed.

"Oh. I need to wash up when we get home, then." Ella shuddered.

"Can I join you? You know, to save water?" Hope winked.

"That lie only works with showers, not lakes." Ella chuckled.

###

Didn't intend to release another chapter this soon, but what the hell, I wanted to write so I did. Once more Hope yall like this! Erm, if my calculations are correct, we should have about 4 chapters left in the story.

*022*2024-08-14 05:35

Er, guys... I'm running out of ideas for openings to these... (the chapter title is a combination of laboratory and arboretum) I was on vacation, that's why this chapters late! No other reason... 

--- 

Chapter 6: laboretum 

"I still don't understand why I have to help your silly group with this garbage." Una complained as she trudged through the likely poisonous mud. 

"What is there to explain? We need someone with a scanner and thanks to a certain stranger, May is out of commission." Lori had abandoned the caring persona she held when Una first arrived at their camp. 

"No, I mean why are you doing this?" Una pressed her legs together lightly. 

"You want to see Sunny happy, right?" Lori asked. 

"Well, yes-" 

"Then you will just do as we say." Lori shot Una a glare. 

Around half an hour passed without any words exchanged between the two. Una felt a fairly noticable need for a secluded tree somewhere. 

"Loriiiiii..." Una complained. "I gotta pee..." 

"Oh, cry about it." Lori smirked. "You're on scanner duty till we find what we're looking for. No breaks." 

"You said we needed some weird plant?" Una was suddenly very interested in the exact details of their mission. 

"It should be the only one that doesn't show up with info when you scan it." Lori confirmed. She brought the binoculars to her face. "And it looks like we are approaching our destination." 

"Are there robots there or something? I haven't killed anything for like 2 whole days I deserve a treat." Una pleaded. 

"Hold on, what?" Lori questioned the insane ramblings of the murderer in her presence. "What!? No! Why would you!? Should I be scared?" 

"What? That's, like, my thing. I like killing people." Una said like it was the most normal thing in the world. "Like... Oh! Hope likes history! Hope likes history, I like killing people, I fail to see the difference." 

"Let's just... get the plant." Lori began to walk a little faster. 

"What? Most of them were like, terrible people and stuff." Una dug herself a deeper hole. She imagined a hole in the ground. She imagined squatting down over it... the sweet relief... 

"Una!" Lori scolded her. Una snapped out of her trance. She quickly stopped the slight stream that had filled her crotch implant and spilled onto her legs. She had to go so much worse now. 

"Lori... I can't hold it much longer..." Una squirmed and shook, even as every movement sloshed around the piss that filled her implant. 

"You're gonna have to." Lori scowled. "But, were halfway done. We got here, now you just have to find that plant." 

Una looked around the giant greenhouse, scanning everything in sight. Her scanner was agonizingly slow. She had now leaked enough to make several trails down her legs and into her boots. 

She got several plants scanned, hopping and squirming all the way. Her implant made it near impossible to effectively grab at her crotch, and all her attempts just served to splash the warm liquid inside it all over her pussy. 

"L-Lori! I can't scan if I'm squirming this much!" Una pleaded, tears pooling in her eyes. She couldn't afford to embarrass herself in front of Sunny's family again. Lori pulled Una's face up next to hers. 

"Then stand still." Lori whispered the command in Una's ear. 

"Y-Yes, mommy~" Una whimpered. Did everyone here have to be a sexy goddess for fucks sake? This was the second time she got this horny while needing to pee! At some point her brain would just associate the two. 

"What did you just call me?" Lori blushed a bright and obvious red. God, what was it with this girl? 

"Can't talk! Too busy s-scanning~" Una said while standing as still as she could. Her boots now had pools of piss in them. If it hadn't been for her implant, she would've lost it by now. 

Lori thought a bit more as the poor leaking girl scanned the plants. Una clearly had a thing for women, that much was clear. She was also quite submissive and would never initiate something on her own. 

"Una, would you be alright with... well you called me... that... earlier and I was wondering... I dont really know how to say-" Lori rambled on. 

"H-Hey Lori. I know exactly what you're trying to say. Yes, I'd be alright with it." Una chuckled. That proved to be a mistake, as it sent her over the edge, flooding her implant and spilling onto the ground and into her boots. She ripped out the implant, trying to stop the flow by force but it didn't work. "I-I'm sorry, I-" 

"Naughty, naughty girl." Lori approached Una. "You need to be punished." 

"Punished? Um..." Una shuddered at the word choice. She began to sweat nervously. "Wait, I don't-" 

"Precisely. Such a dirty girl will need to be taught a lesson." Lori cut her off, removing her pants and underwear. It was exactly what they said to Una when they took her. That it was some sort of sick punishment. Lori pinned Una to the ground, swirling her nipples with her finger. Eventually, Lori began rubbing their pussies together. 

And suddenly Una was back there again. Back in the facility. When she made Sunny. It was a terrible memory. It resurfaced periodically, often resulting in a sleepless night or three. 

Lori opened her eyes to see Una there, crying. She immediately stopped what she was doing. God, why didn't she set up a safe word? She felt so stupid. 

"Una! Una are you ok?" Lori asked her, being sure to give a bit of space. She draped a blanket from her pack over her. Una clutched it and wrapped it around her. 

"N-No. Please leave." Una requested. Lori obliged and gave Una some privacy. Una heard a bell sound in her earpiece. 

"I swear Una, I leave for one hour and you've taken a piss all over my- Oh my god are you ok?" Dove chimed in on the headpiece. "Look, um, m-match my breath! Just slowly, in and out." With partial thanks to Dove's help, Una calmed down a considerable amount. 

"I, um, had an encounter with someone. As you heard, it wasn't... pleasant." Una explained, shame nearly stopping to words. 

"You don't have to explain. I don't even care about the mission anymore, you should get back here. I don't think you should be out there right now." Dove ordered. 

"But-" 

"I know you can handle yourself, but frankly I dont want you hanging around people who could do that to you." Dove cut Una off. 

"I... Yeah. I'll come back. See you soon." Una conceded as her scanner finished the plant she sat in front of. It was a match, the plant they needed. 

"I'll cook up some of the good food. See you soon." Dove promised. The bell chimed in reverse, signaling the end of the call. 

"Hey, uh, Lori? I'm leaving. I found the plant. Bye. Tell Sunny I love her." Una said goodbye. 

Una reinserted her implant. She was going to treat herself to a shower when she got home, water supply be damned. As she made her way up a nearby buildings fire safety ladder, she wondered what a fall from this height would do to her. She quickly steered away from this train of thought. 

She just wanted a distraction so badly. She yearned for a robot to slice through, or even just someone to talk to. Her prayers were answered when she saw a figure on a nearby rooftop. The blindfold swaying in the wind made the third sundown child's figure unmistakable. 

"Una. Heard you were headed back, thought you might want company." Trace greeted with a smile. 

--- 

Ok I'll admit this chapter turned out sadder than it was supposed to be. I'm sorry if yall didn't like this as much. 

*023*2024-08-17 03:34

Here we go, final stretch. Three chapters left and an epilogue as of the plan. 

--- 

Chapter 7: Warehouse 

"And... done!" Zach-o declared as he flipped the screwdriver in his hand. He missed, dropping the screwdriver into May's robotic arm. He quickly fished it out and reconnected a couple wires. "Ok, now done!" 

"This better work, Zach. Trusting you with my arm was, for all intents and purposes, a terrible idea." May said as she aimed her arm at the target in front of her. With a slight push, a bolt of blue energy made its way out of her arm, arcing across the room to hit the target. 

"I also installed those other things you wanted. May I ask what inspired the kidney accelerator in conjunction with a bladder lock?" Zach-o teased May about the very obviously kink-infuenced combination. 

"I get off on a full bladder and that's hard to get when I'm constantly being hounded because I'm the best with tech." May said matter of factly. Zach-o was a bit surprised that she admitted it. 

"I suppose that makes sense. Speaking of work, don't you have that big expedition with Hope today?" Zach-o produced a tea cup and took a sip for dramatic effect. There was nothing in the cup. 

"S-Shut up..." May blushed. Zach-o knew how to break her strong demeanor. 

"Haven't you guys fucked already though? Like the first night she was here?" Zach-o chuckled. "Look, she's a huge nerd! You're a huge nerd! Do something with that!" 

"But what if she doesn't like me and I have to leave the group out of shame and I die alone and-" May rambled. 

"That won't happen! At worst, things will be awkward for a bit. At best, you two would be literally perfect together!" Zach-o re assured. "Besides, pretty much everyone here has the same kink for some reason. You could use that accelerator I installed to... manufacture a fun moment." 

"You know what, Zach. I'll ask her." May promised. 

"If you back down I'm not letting you call me just 'Zach' anymore." Zach-o threatened. 

As if on cue, someone rustled with the tent door. 

"Come in!" The two scientists shouted in unison. Hope entered the lab tent with a huge grin on her face. 

"You seem excited!" May's serious demeanor was replaced with one of joy. 

"I am! Let's go already, I'll die of anticipation any moment!" Hope comedically hopped up and down. May chuckled. 

"All this over the old warehouse?" May smirked. 

"I'm mostly just looking forward to a day with you." Hope blushed lightly. 

"Jesus, girl, are you sure you aren't already dating?" Zach-o whispered to May. May chose to ignore this for now. She got up, grabbed her bag, and lead Hope out the door. 

"So what did he whisper-" Hope started. 

"Nothing! Its, uh, nothing!" May avoided the question. They walked and talked for quite a while. The last part of the drone they needed was a battery pack to attach to it. When that was fully complete, Sunny could finally see her namesake. 

The warehouse looked deader than anything May had ever seen. The windows shattered, but the walls still blank. The doors smashed in, but nothing taken. It was as if the building was stuck in time. 

"H-Hey, uh, this is going to sound really silly but..." Hope started, literally shaking. "Can I hold your hand?" May nodded. In an instant, her left arm became unusable. 

"You going to be ok?" May asked, concerned. 

"Yeah! Just... something seems off." Hope explained as best she could. 

"I get it. If you want to get out at any time, tell me." May reassured. "Let's get this part and get out of here." 

They entered the old warehouse. What they saw inside was much similar to the outside. Everything was covered in dust, not even bugs called this building home anymore. Hope clutched tighter to May's arm. 

"Where is the part?" Hope asked anxiously. 

"Somewhere in the back. Let's get moving, I dont want to be here long." May directed as they made their way through the warehouse. 

It seemed to strech for miles. Rows on rows of shelves larger than buildings. it might just be the dust, but May swore she could see fog in the distance. Hope was fighting tears. If they died here, they might never be found. 

"May?" Hope squeaked. "I'm really effin' scared!" A tear rolled down her cheek. May pulled her into a hug. 

"Hey girl, you're ok. I'm here. I've got you. We're almost there, then there should be a back exit." May held the terrified girl tight. 

"O-Ok!" Hope returned to May's left arm. Before too long, they made it to the office. As they creaked open the door, Hope found herself letting her guard down. The space looked lived in, at the very least. May broke open the container and took the final drone part. They had done it. 

The alarm was deafening. Hope could do little more than freeze from the terror it gave her. She felt cold. So, so cold. Until she felt warm. It started at her crotch, and slowly spread all along her legs. Before she could realize what was happening, she had emptied the full contents of her bladder into her jeans. 

It was all a blur to Hope, but she eventually made it out. She collapsed on the floor, her breath picking up until it felt like she couldn't breathe anymore. She sat there, curled into a ball, tears streaming down her face and piss down her legs. 

May saw her there when she got out. She immediately ran to help her. Eventually, Hope calmed down. 

"I'm so sorry-" Hope started. 

"Don't apologize, you did nothing wrong. Are you ok? Should we head home or did you want to chill for a bit first?" May hounded the poor girl. 

"I-I'm not really ok, no. Can we head to the old coffee shop and just sit for a spell?" Hope asked. 

"Of course girl, I'll help you stand." May lifted Hope and they walked to the coffee shop. 

~~~ 

"So what was your favorite thing to order when these folks were in business?" May made conversation. 

"Honestly, their pumpkin muffins. So good. I'm a little mad they removed them from their year-round menu though." Hope scowled. The two sat in silence for a while, just staring at eachother. 

"Can I ask you something?" The two broke the silence in unison. 

"You first." Hope said. 

"Um... I, uh..." May obliged. Arguing with Hope was pointless. "Do you want to... hold on let me start over! When the sun is back in the sky, do you want to watch it set with me?" 

"As friends or... more?" Hope went beat red. 

"Whichever you want." May followed suit. 

"Yes!" Hope beamed with delight. The two went on to have a wonderful night. Tomorrow would change their lives forever. 

--- 

Eeeeee my favorite little lesbians are getting together! I tried to keep this one a little more light hearted, I hope you guys liked it! I am so unbelievably happy that people are taking the time to read this, and for that I thank you all so much. Literally crying right now. Ok goodbye for now! 

*024*2024-08-27 03:59

Guys you have to read the book of Bill. It's full of such mystery, grandeur, BEES!!!! Anyway the story I, Lily... does that say gray? The story I, Lily Gray, am writing. I am not possessed. 

--- 

Chapter 8: Sunny Side Up. 

Dove paced around her office. Una hadn't been herself in days, and she had no idea what to do. Typically things had some concrete solution, a set answer to every question, but this was far from typical. It was like it wasn't Una, but number one that lay slumped on the couch. 

That was it! She was acting like she did back at the facility! Something must have happened to push some bad memories of that place forward. Now Dove just had to push them back again. She devised the perfect plan to get Una back to her old self again! 

"Hey, Una!" Dove didn't even have to fein excitment. "I have a super important top secret... thing to do, and I need a bodyguard. Wow, a lot of robots would need to be slashed, shot, electrocuted, tortured, et cetera..." 

"Get Trace to do it." Una deflected. Declining what was essentially a free murder spree!? This really wasn't Una... Looks like Dove would have to resort to the thing she was dreading. Just asking Una about it in the first place. 

"Hey, uh, Una?" Dove started. Una nodded. "Are you ok? You haven't been yourself the past couple days." 

"No, dumbass, I'm not ok." Una wrapped herself in a blanket. 

"Do you want talk about it?" Dove sat down next to her. 

"Yeah." Una answered. 

And so they talked. For quite a while, actually. Clearly, what Una needed was therapy. Unfortunately there weren't many licensed therapists in the apocalypse, were there? They heard a knock coming from the front door. 

"Come in!" Dove called, assuming it was just Trace. The face of the person that walked into the room was none other than the only licensed therapist either of them knew. 

"Hey! A little bird with a tracking device said you lived over here, so I came to visit." Ella greeted the girls. "I understand you both recently went through quite a bit, so I respect whatever decision you make on this matter." Ella cleared her throat. "You are formally invited to the sunrise viewing event. It's at the rooftops by the park, you cant miss us! It's happening tomorrow at around 7am, but there will be a whole moonlit party starting at midnight tonight." 

"Wait, the sunrise!? Moonlit!?" Dove was absolutely flabbergasted. "How!?" 

"Some sort of super plant that eats pollution, I don't know all the details." Ella shrugged. "Whatever it is, our skies will finally be clear." 

"Will... Lori be there?" Una forced herself to speak. 

"We heard about what happened. She's not going to be there till sunrise, and she won't be anywhere near you." Ella assured Una. "If you ever need to talk to a professional about this stuff, my doors are always open." 

"Allow me to talk about this with Una." Dove requested. Ella nodded and left the room. "We should go. You deserve to see your daughter happy." 

"I'm thinking the same thing. Her name is Sunny, by the way. She picked it out herself and I think it's perfect." Una smiled slightly. A tear ran down her face. Dove told Ella they would attend the party. 

~~~ 

Una scaled the fire exit effortlessly, pulling herself onto the rooftops. May waved at her and Una waved back. Dove and Trace were having a harder time, so she dipped back down to help them. 

Zach-o brought out his good wine and passed out glasses. Sunny and Duck sat on the edge of the roof, discussing something privately. Ella helped herself to some of Zach-o's signature pizza. Hope rested her head against May's shoulder while she tinkered with a drone of some sort. 

Una reemerged from the fire escape, Dove and Trace in tow. She decided to make her way over to Ella, as she seemed to be the organizer of this whole thing. 

"Ah, you came!" Ella greeted cheerfully. She turned to Trace "I know Una and Dove, but who are you?" 

"Trace. I was working when you stopped by." Trace said matter of factly. She anxiously fidgeted with her tie and stood as straight as she could. "I wanted to ask you about your therapy services. I think all of us would benefit from therapy." 

"Just stop by my tent in the park whenever. I'd be happy to talk there, but right now we should be partying." Ella chuckled. Una slipped away from the group and walked over to her daughter. 

"Hey, Sunny." Una greeted, sitting down next to her. 

"Una." Sunny said. 

"I'm sorry I didn't come to see you sooner." Una apologized. 

"Why would you be sorry? I have never met you in my life." Sunny said. 

"You so sure about that, number 5?" Una joked. She swore she saw a bit of recognition in Sunny's eyes, but like all emotions that entered her mind, it quickly died in her face. "You probably don't remember, but I'm your mom." Sunny did the math in her head. 

"That's terrible. You would've been fifteen when I was born." Sunny said. "I'm so sorry." 

"Hey, don't be. It's in the past." Una assured. "Looks like that fancy drone is starting up." 

May pressed some buttons on both her arm and the drone. Hope had fallen asleep at this point, not being used to going this long without it. The drone shot into the sky, and a feint glow began to shine upon the rooftops. After a few minutes, the moon came into clear view. 

"Its... beautiful." Sunny said. There was a hint of wonder in her voice. It was the most emotion any of them had seen the girl show. Duck pulled her into a hug, to which May immediately pulled them away from the edge. 

The party went on for a long while. Trace and Ella shared a quick dance. Trace was an incredibly good dancer, especially considering her lack of eyes. Eventually, everyone was brought together as the horizon started to glow a soft pink. 

Hope and may sat snuggled up to eachother in a blanket, Hope desperately fighting the unrelenting need for sleep. May had to pee pretty badly, but with no bathrooms and a bladder lock switch she could activate with no repercussions, she wasn't going to leave now. 

Una hugged Trace's arm HARD as Lori came up from the stairwell. Trace gave her a questioning look. Una whispered something to her. 

Everyone was in aw as the sun rose over the once permanently black horizon. The city looked morbidly beautiful lit by the rising sun. The way the buildings sent shadows behind them, to the reflection of the sun in the glass. 

Sunny stood, showing a clear and unfiltered hesitation as she did so. She turned to face the crowd. She was smiling. 

"What is happening with my face?" Sunny chuckled as she felt for... something. Sunny was happy. Indisputably, truly, happy. 

--- 

Oh my goodness I love these little guys! Its like I write their names on the page and they suddenly gave their own lives and stories to tell and ahhhhhhhhhh!!! Yall have to try writing it's so magical! See you eventually with the epilogue! 
