Dirty Shield Brothers

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-07-11 15:48

Okay, guys, doing it right this time, putting the whole thing in one thread. Sorry for doing it haphazardly in the past.

About: This is another WWE fan fiction story. It is slash, and features watersports on all levels, sex, and some BDSM. Not safe for work. Contains vulgar language and some light drug use. Still ongoing/incomplete.

Summary: Seth Rollins recovers from surgery with the help of his lover, Dean Ambrose. His other former Shield brother, Roman Reigns, also comes to visit. But, Dean and Roman can't stay, the show must go on. While they travel together, Seth is left behind, but the Authority sends their ailing pet a "gift" in the form of a houseboy. Submissive Seth has to learn how to become dominant.

Chapter 1 – Seth's Knee Surgery

Seth awoke for the first time he could remember after the surgery. He had to piss so terribly he thought he was going to wet the bed. It was even worse than the awful pain coming from his repaired right knee. He was also nauseated, yet thirsty, like he had the flu. He honestly felt like he might throw up, and moaned.

“Hey, you're awake!” Dean's voice said, brightly, and he sprang out of a chair Seth hadn't yet noticed. “How are you feeling? Can I get you anything?”

“Trash can, I think I'm going to be sick.”

Dean got the trash can there just as Seth began to retch and dry-heave, but that's all it was. Dean was alarmed. “I'll call a nurse.” He pressed Seth's call button, and did his best to comfort his lover, who felt cool and clammy. He stroked Seth's hair and rubbed the back of his neck.

Very soon a young, sandy-haired male nurse appeared, smiling kindly. “Good afternoon, Mr. Rollins. I'm Matt, your evening nurse. How are you feeling?”

Seth felt so awful he couldn't do anything but shake his head. Dean had to speak for him. “He's really feeling sick to his stomach, and feels cold and clammy. He tried throwing up, but nothing came up, since he hasn't had anything since last night.”

Matt nodded. “Very common way to feel after surgery. A lot of stress on the body, a lot of drugs and anesthesia. I'll get you something for the nausea. Are you having any pain?”

Seth nodded, and cleared his throat. “Yes. It hurts worse now than it did before. I don't think I've ever felt worse overall. On top of what he said, I feel weak, tired, thirsty, and I really need to, um, drain off.”

Matt lifted the blankets near the end of Seth's bed. “I'll take your catheter out and get you a urinal right away.”

“I'll step out for a bit,” Dean said, and squeezed Seth's hand affectionately before leaving.

Matt pulled the curtain around Seth's bed. “I'm not going to lie to you and tell you this won't hurt at all, but it won't hurt nearly as much as you think. Just try to relax, and take deep breaths.”

Seth tried to follow the nurse's advice, but it still burned when Matt pulled the plumbing from his cock, and helpless tears sprang to his eyes.

“It's okay, it's out now. I'll go and get your meds and and some water so you can have some privacy.” Matt positioned a urinal for Seth, who exploded before his nurse could even turn away. As soon as that discomfort was taken care of, the pain in his knee grew exponentially, and he began to cry like he was six years old again.

Matt reappeared, took the urinal away, and handed Seth a box of Kleenex. “Is it the pain?”

Seth nodded and wiped his eyes.

“As soon as I get your vitals, I'll give you something for the pain,” Matt assured him.

Seth continued to sniffle while Matt took his temperature, blood pressure, and looked at the monitor and IV lines. Then, he cleaned off a port in the IV line with an alcohol swab, and gave him two injections through it. “You should be feeling a lot better in a few minutes, Mr. Rollins.”

Seth wiped away the last of his tears, and blew his nose. “Thank you. And, call me Seth.”

“Okay, Seth. Did you want a wet cloth for your face?”

“Yes...That would feel nice.” He took a sip of the water Matt had brought, and it didn't unsettle his stomach. His parched mouth chanted relief.

Matt brought him a cool, wet, washcloth from the private bathroom, then busied himself in a computer, putting notes in Seth's chart. Seth washed his face, then folded the cloth over his eyes. He looked horrible when he cried, and he didn't want Dean to know. He wondered how long Dean had been here; Seth had made it known to his friends and coworkers that he didn't want any visitors, so he hadn't expected to find his lover beside him. But, Seth was really happy he did.

When the nurse was satisfied Seth was feeling somewhat better, he left, and Dean reappeared, pushing a cart laden with flowers, balloons, and gifts. “Lots of well-wishers, Seth. I already weeded out the fan stuff and had it sent on to the children's hospital.”

“Thank you.” Seth smiled, feeling fuzzy from the drugs, and Dean.

Dean gave him a hug. When he pulled away, Seth thought he saw tears in his lover's eyes, happy tears. He turned his attention back to Seth's get well gifts. “Just look at all this stuff! I don't know where to start.”

“The flowers,” Seth suggested. “Because nothing says 'get well soon' like a dead flower.”

“Oh, babe, have a heart!” Dean chided playfully. He picked up an arrangement and read the card. “This is from Mark Henry.”

Before Seth could reply, there was a knock on his door, and Dr. Shu, his surgeon, came in. Dean excused himself again. Seth hoped he wouldn't come back with yet another cart full of gifts. Dr. Shu told Seth his surgery had gone very well, and he would be using crutches first thing tomorrow, and that he would have been using them tonight if he hadn't had a shot of morphine. Right then, walking on crutches didn't even seem like a remote possibility to Seth.

After Dr. Shu left, Matt came in with an in-room dining menu. “You can order your dinner from here by calling the number on the front, or your friend can bring you whatever you'd like from the outside.”

Seth thanked him, and Dean came back as Seth was looking at the menu. He knew he should eat, he hadn't since dinner last night, but he wasn't hungry.

“Did you want me to get you some takeout?” Dean asked, and sat down in the chair beside Seth's bed.

“I'm not hungry.” Seth set the menu on his table.

“You need to eat something, though. Dude wouldn't have brought that to you if they didn't want you to eat something.”

“True,” Seth sighed. He tried picking the menu back up, but drugged, he could not.

Dean picked it up instead. “Wow, they've got practically everything!” What are you in the mood for? If it's not on here, I'll go get it.”

“No, honey, you don't have to do that. I just want something small.”

“Soup and a sandwich?” Dean asked.

“Yeah, that sounds good. Tomato and grilled cheese.”

Dean searched the menu. “They've got it!” He exclaimed triumphantly. “Comfort food. I'll get the same.”

“Will you call the number on the front?” Seth asked. “My brain isn't...”

“I've got it handled.” Dean picked up the room phone. He ordered their trays, adding milk, coffee, and chocolate cake to the agreed upon tomato soup and grilled cheese, but Seth didn't object, it sounded good.

“They should be up in forty-five minutes or less,” Dean told him, after hanging up the phone.

“I hope it's less,” Seth said. “I wasn't hungry before, but now I'm so hungry I feel sick all over again.”

Dean jumped up and went to the cart of gifts. “There's food in here. Lots of candy, a tin of giant cashews from...Neville...Team Bella sent you four gourmet cupcakes...And Roman sent you this ridiculous chicken-shaped mug, and good old Mrs. Grass.”

Seth giggled at the ugly mug. “Let's try the cashews.”

Dean opened the decorative tin, and plastic bag within, and extended the tin to Seth while munching one. “These are awesome!”

Doped-up Seth nearly upset the tin, so Dean fed him one. As Dean had said, it was awesome. Dean continued to feed him, and Seth started to feel better than he had all day. He caught Dean's hand and kissed the salt and oil from his fingers. “Thank you, honey. I know I said I didn't want anyone here, but I'm really, really happy you're here. I don't know what I'd do if you weren't here.”

Dean snugged and kissed him. “I'll always be here for you. Do you want some more water?”

Seth nodded, and Dean handed him the styrofoam cup. “Thank you.”

“Want to look at more gifts?”

“No, actually.”

“How about a social media update? I did call the boss, let him know your surgery went well, so I'm sure WWE will issue a statement, but you should really do a tweet or something.”

“Yeah, I guess I kind of have to. Can you help me?”

“Of course.”

Just as Dean finished posting updates as Seth, there was a knock at the door, and Matt came in with a young, plump, redheaded nurse's aide. Both of them were carrying dinner trays. “Soup's on, guys,” Matt said, and put Seth's tray on his bed table. “This is Rochelle, one of our certified nursing assistants.”

Rochelle handed Dean his tray, and turned her attention to the patient. “Hi, Seth, I'll be your CNA until eleven tonight. Is there anything I can get for you right now?”

“More water, please.” He also wanted to piss before dinner, but didn't want to tell her, or any other female for that matter.

“Okay, I'll be right back,” Rochelle replied, and left.

Matt began pulling the bed table across Seth's lap. “Wait.” Seth blushed. “I want to piss, I mean pee, first.”

“I'll get your urinal.”

“I'll be right back,” Dean said, and stepped out. Matt drew the curtain around Seth's bed again and handed Seth the necessary. Embarrassed, Seth slipped it under the covers.

He found he couldn't piss, despite all of his efforts, his body just seemed to have forgotten how. “I can't go,” he admitted to Matt.

“That happens sometimes with pain medication, especially morphine,” Matt explained. “Do you really need to go bad?”

“Well, no, I'm just a little uncomfortable, nothing major.”

“Okay. Why don't you have dinner, and some water, and I'll come check on you in an hour. Of course, if you need me before then, you can call me. Sound good?”

“Yeah, that's cool. Um...what if I still can't go?”

“Don't worry, I'm sure you'll be able to, once the morphine wears off. We'll give you a different pain medication next time.”

“How long before it wears off?”

“Hours yet, but with a full bladder you should be able to go before then,” Matt assured him as he pulled the bed table across Seth's legs. Rochelle reappeared with water and left with Matt.

Dean came back in. “You okay?”

“I couldn't piss.” Seth drank some water. “The nurse said it was because of the morphine, so they're going to change my pain meds, but I might not be able to piss until it wears off unless-”

“Eat, sweetness,” Dean gently interrupted. “Oddly enough, this is really good! Hospital food has gotten a lot better since I was fifteen. That's the last time I was in a hospital.”

Seth began to eat. “What for?”

“BMX stunt gone wrong. I landed on my face, and my friend was filming it, so the whole thing was caught on tape. We tried to send it in to AFV, but they rejected it on the grounds that it was too gory. I won't go into detail, but I looked like I'd been hit by a bus.”

“Damn,” Seth mused. He glanced at his IV drip of saline. It was dripping slowly. He sighed.

Dean put down his sandwich and took Seth's hands instead. “What's wrong babe? Can I get you anything?”

Seth shook his head. He felt so helpless, and hated himself for it. He wanted to cry again, and hated himself for that, too. Dean sensed his distress, and hugged him tight. Seth winced.

“Oops, sorry. Forgot you needed to pee.” Dean loosened his hold.

“No, I don't. I just want to, but I can't. I'm so...uncomfortable.”

“Do you want me to get your nurse?”

“No, honey, he said he'd come check on me in an hour. And, I probably won't even be able to piss then... Fuck, I hate this!”

Dean rubbed his shoulders. “Shhh, sweetness. Just relax; stressing out will only slow your recovery.”

“I feel like...like I've... Oh, I don't know... I was on top of the world. And I know I've only been here for a day, and I wrecked my knee only a few days a go, but it feels like forever... And the belt, the glory, the glamour, the acme all seems like it happened decades ago.” Seth had never felt more depressed. He slumped in bed. “And, a year's recovery! That may as well be forever!”

“It's not a year, it's nine months, babe, tops. And, knowing you, you'll be back in the ring before then.”

“Forever,” Seth repeated. “I can't believe this happened to me.”

All Dean could do was hug and pat him. Roman, with his recent injury, surgery, and recovery would know best what to say, and Dean made a mental note to text him the next time he stepped out. “Let's focus on right now,” Dean tried, and handed Seth the box of Kleenex.

Seth hadn't realized he was crying again until then.

“Come on, lunch is getting cold,” Dean coaxed, and Seth resumed eating, feeling detached from himself, Dean his only port in the storm of negative emotions, a save haven, and Seth was so grateful Dean was at his side. That was love.

When Matt came back, Seth was more than ready to piss. Dean excused himself again, already busy in his phone texting Roman for help. Despite having to piss so badly he was in pain, Seth was unable to, once again. Matt tried to help him by running water, putting his hands in warm water, and even pressing on his visibly bulging bladder, like his owners sometimes did, but nothing worked, and Seth was a mess of frustrated tears and angry curse words.

Matt suggested a break, and there was a knock on the door. Matt went to answer it. “Do you want your friend to come in? He seems pretty concerned. And, he's brought coffee.”

Seth nodded, and Matt waved Dean inside. Dean was carrying a drink tray with three large coffees in it. He handed one to Matt, put one on Seth's bed table, and kept the last for himself. “You should drink your coffee,” Dean told Seth. “It's the worst thing for your bladder; at least that's what I heard.”

“You heard right,” Matt said. “Drink up, Seth.”

Seth refused. “Hell no. I'm not putting any more piss in my bladder...Grrrr...I want the piss out NOW!”

“Maybe another position might help. Let's get you sitting up, on the edge of the bed.” Matt suggested.

Automatically, Dean set down his coffee and came to help. Seth was crying again. He wondered if he had the courage to just ask for the catheter. Seth was a perched cripple; Dean holding him around the waist from behind, nurse supporting him in front. He was humiliated, and cursed again.

“Shhh...” Dean whispered in his ear. “I'm here for you, my love. Everything's going to be okay. Now just relax... Oh my gosh, Seth, I can actually feel your bladder.”

“So can I,” Seth sobbed. He heard Matt tell Dean to do something, and suddenly, Dean squeezed Seth tight, pressing his laced-together hands into Seth's bladder. The discomfort was too much to bear, and his body finally gave in. Piss splashed noisily into the bedpan the nurse held.

“That's it, Seth, just keep peeing. Dean, you can stop pressing on him, but hold on to him.”

Seth was finally pissing on his own. It had never felt better to do so. He was growing shaky, and tired from the relief. He sniffled. Dean snugged him. “Everything is fine, sweetness, don't cry,” he whispered. But, Seth couldn't help it. He was exhausted, not only physically, but also mentally, which was weighing harder on him. He just wanted to go to sleep and wake up a week ago.

When Seth finally finished pissing, Matt and Dean settled him back into bed. Matt took his vitals, Dean coaxed him into having some coffee. Matt brought him another cold cloth for his face and asked him if he needed anything else. Seth shook his head, and Matt left, promising to check up on him in a couple hours.

Dean giggled. “I'll bet you feel better after that. Matt said that was three times as much as the average guy could hold.”

Seth nodded. “Yeah, that was a lot of piss. I still ache from it. Thank you for helping me get it out.”

Dean smiled, and they shared a kiss. “I couldn't bear to see you in pain.”

“Come here.” Seth patted the bed, and Dean climbed in beside him. They held each other, Seth affectionately stroked Dean's hair, and Dean sighed happily. “You have no idea how worried I was when you were under the knife,” he confessed.

“You have no idea how happy I am that you disobeyed my no visitors rule,” Seth responded. “I'm so happy you're here with me, helping me out.”

“I want to help you once you're back home, too. With cooking, and laundry, driving, you know, stuff like that,” Dean said, nervously, and Seth was surprised, and pleased, to see him blushing. “I mean, I won't be able to be there when I'm working, but I want to be there for you as much as I can.”

“Yes,” Seth said, happily. “I'd love that.”

*001*2016-07-11 15:58

Chapter 2 – The Long Drive Home

Seth was discharged Friday morning, on schedule. He had proven to his care team that he was capable of using crutches (although he hated them), and had made his physical therapy appointments. Dean was there to drive him home. He'd put a ton of pillows and blankets in the back seat so Seth could ride with his leg comfortably elevated.

“It's a four-hour drive home,” Dean said, as he helped Seth get settled in. He was blushing at his somewhat Freudian slip, referring to Seth's condo as home, instead of saying your place. “I brought a cooler with some food and water and junk in case you don't feel up to stopping for lunch. I'm going to have to stop to pee at some point, maybe twice since I've had so much coffee, but I'm not a chick, or Jey; I can just pull over and pee by the car.”

“Jey can't piss on the side of the road?” Seth asked, amused.

“Oh, tarnation! Me and my big mouth... Don't tell anyone, but no, he can't. Pee shy.”

“I won't tell anyone. And, I like to stop a couple of times on long drives, or at least I did before I blew my knee out. I don't know how much of a pain in the ass it'll be to get in and out of the car.”

“It's not a pain in the ass,” Dean objected, as he handed Seth his sunglasses, a bottle of water, a lighter, and his traveling bong, already packed with the finest weed- straight from the Emerald Triangle. “If you want to stop every hour, we will. Ready?”

“Mhmm.” Seth took a hit from the bong, and cracked his window after Dean began to drive to blow it out. “I won't want to stop every hour, maybe just once to eat what you brought along for lunch. A little cold to picnic, so we'll just eat in the car. If we combine that with a gas stop, we'll have a bathroom, too. I can get out and stretch my legs... Is that a pun?”

Dean laughed. “In your situation, yes. Otherwise, just a worn out cliché.”

“You want to hit the bong?” Seth asked.

“Nah, I've still got coffee. Besides, it's pretty cumbersome to hit a bong while driving.”

“True. I can't wait to get home and take a hot shower, or sponge bath, whatever.” Seth took another rip.

“I'll wash your hair,” Dean volunteered. “I'll even touch up your highlight-”

“Touch up? But it's natural,” Seth declared, dramatically.

“And why am I called the lunatic fringe?” Dean teased. “Want some music?”

“Well...no.” Seth blushed. “I'd just like to...talk.”

“Okay,” Dean said, and the smile was in his voice. “That's something we've definitely got in common; we both love to talk.”

Seth was never happier. “What's for dinner tonight?”

“Tacos! Since we'll be on the road all day, I wanted to keep it simple. I'll make salmon tomorrow night, and I'll make white chili, chicken pot pies, and casseroles you can freeze and warm up in the oven or microwave when I'm gone.”

“When are you leaving?”

“Sunday morning. I'm sorry it's so soon, I wish I could just take off-”

“I know how it is, honey. This is the only way to take off.” Seth pointed at his knee.

Dean chuckled. “Oh, it's not the only way. You could get sick, too, like Ryback's staph infection.”

“Which was likely caused by Rusev's bare feet,” Seth revealed. As property of the Authority, he'd learned that.

“Oh gross, really?”

“Yeah. Why do you think he wears boots now? He was ordered to, for everyone's safety.”

Dean shuddered. “That's nasty.”

“Actually, a lot of people carry around staph bacteria. They swabbed my nostrils for it when I went in for the surgery.”

“Subject change!” Dean declared. “Now, I got the guest room downstairs all ready for you so you don't have to go up and down. I made the whole downstairs crutch-friendly, wide paths, no throw rugs, the works.”

“Thank you.” It dawned on Seth that with all Dean had done after leaving his side yesterday after dinner, he'd probably not had time to sleep. “You must have been up all night.”

“Uh-huh. That's why I've had so much coffee. But, it was worth it. Less obstacles to a faster recovery.”

“With your help, I'll be back in the ring in no time.” Seth leaned forward to caress the back of Dean's neck and tousle his hair, the only two things he could reach comfortably. He wanted to tell Dean to pull over, just for a cuddle break. But, that was unfair to ask. Dean had been up all night, and probably just wanted to get the drive over and power nap for a few hours. “I owe you so much.”

“Nah,” Dean shook his head, then wiggled.

“Time for a break?” Seth asked.

“Nah, I can wait.”

“Sure about that?”

“No,” Dean admitted, and rocked back and forth. “Coffee makes me pee. I almost didn't make it to the hospital dry when I came to pick you up. Well, my undies did get a little wet... Did I tell you I got some new briefs?”

“No!” Seth thought of Dean in his briefs, and instantly got hard.

“I bought some colored briefs. The ones I'm wearing are teal, with white contrast trim; boyish and fun.”

“And wet,” Seth teased.

“Seth!” Dean squirmed. “Mmmpf! It's like you want me to pee in my new briefs.”

“Maybe I do,” Seth replied, sassily.

“If I don't find some place to stop soon, you might get your wish.” Dean loosened his belt and undid his jeans. He whimpered.

“Just pull over, babe.”

Dean did. “I'll be right back.” He slammed the door. Seth looked around for him, but couldn't see him. He squeezed himself through his baggy sweats, and hideously tight boxer briefs. He was so horny for Dean, they hadn't played together since before they'd left for Europe.

Dean came back. “All better. Do you need to go, too?”

“No, but... I have another...problem.” Seth blushed.

Dean became alarmed, of course, and moved the rear view mirror to look at Seth. “What's wrong? Are you in pain?”

“Not from the surgery. It's...” Seth wanted to be coy, but he was cum-dumb. “I've got yearnings, honey.”

“Me, too,” Dean admitted. “I haven't cum since before your injury.”

“Same here.” Seth thought of the last time he'd cum. Not by Dean, but by Mistress, and even Master had played a part. He'd laid down under Seth, and jerked him a little while Mistress mounted him with the vibrating strap on. He'd spurted all over Master's belly and chest, and Master surprised him by being pleased. Good boy, he'd praised.

Seth tried to adjust the way he lay in his drawers, but they were tight, and sticky with pre. His poor cock was aching. He pawed and squeezed it through his sweats, and the too-small, too-fucking-tight boxer briefs that had no fly. He tried to bring some level of relief to that awful pressure, and he knew Dean was watching him via the mirror.

“I'm so horny for you it hurts,” Seth complained.

“I haven't even tried putting myself back in my pants,” Dean admitted. “Wouldn't work.”

“Hey, no fair! I can't see!”

“Hold on.” Dean took a pic of his crotch with his phone, and sent it to Seth.

Excited, Seth grabbed his phone. Dean's pic made him moan. His jeans were still undone, and the purple plum-head was poking like a periscope above the pure white waistband of those tropical ocean-blue boyish briefs. Dean's tummy was shiny with pre; Seth longed to lick it off, and his briefs were spotted dark with it.

“Fuck, Dean, you're so hot. I want those briefs!”

“How does the song go? Baby, you can have whatever you like...”

“I want you.” Seth reached down inside his sweats and pulled the boxer briefs down as far as they would go inside his pants, freeing his erection. It made a big tent in his sweats, and he caressed the bulge and sighed.

“Tease.” Dean blew him a raspberry, and seconds later, Seth's phone buzzed. Dean's sexy cock, freed.

“I'm a tease?” Seth asked. “I hate to play my privileges as a patient, but I demand you stop this car at first opportunity and play with me, Dean.”

“Of course I will. Are you sure you're up to it?”

Seth pulled down the front of his sweats. “What do you think?”

“Oh, Seth...I think I want you. Right now.” Dean guided Seth's car on to the off-ramp.

“Where are we going?” Seth wanted to know.

“A motel that popped up on my GPS. I saw a few signs for it, too. The Starlight Motel. I have a feeling it's not going to be a Holiday Inn Express, but hopefully it's not too seedy.”

“Could be exciting. I've never gone slumming.”

“Honey, this definitely ain't the slums. This is the sticks.”

Seth leaned forward to caress Dean's neck again. “I don't care where we go as long as we're together.”

Dean caught sight of an unfinished subdivision. “In that case, let's skip the motel.” He turned in.

“Oh, Dean... You're a bad, bad, boy.”

“I know.” Dean pulled to a stop in front of a vacant lot for sale, hung his sunglasses over the visor, and smiled back at Seth. “Now... How are we going to do this?”

Under Seth's direction, Dean moved the front seats forward as far as they would go, folded them up, and soon he was in the back with Seth, jeans and shoes off.

“Thank goodness I got my windows tinted,” Seth commented, just before Dean's lips locked down on his. He was in the arms of the man he loved, and nothing else mattered. Dean was pawing him through his sweats, so Seth slipped himself out. Dean, who was sweating, and breathing very fast, took it into his hand immediately.

Seth was moaning with pleasure; he would not be able to hold out long. He stroked Dean through his boyish briefs. Dean mmmm'd with delight, and suddenly cried out: “Stop! Oh, fuck, never mind...” and Seth felt Dean fill the front of his briefs with hot cum. It soaked through, and wet Seth's hand. “I'm sorry,” Dean panted. “Just couldn't...hold out...”

“Now I really want those briefs.” Seth rubbed Dean's cum on his own cock like lube.

Dean giggled. “I'm dripping everywhere.”

Seth hugged him tight. “It's okay, love.”

Dean clung to Seth just as tightly. “I love you.”

“I love you, too.”

“I had hoped to last longer, but it's been a long time, and I get so aroused by you. When you touched me, I couldn't help it.”

“Want to help me?” Seth asked coyly, as he casually stroked himself.

Dean grinned. “You know I do.”

“It won't take much,” Seth warned, and Dean began sucking him off. Immediately, Seth wanted to explode. “Oh, Dean...” His hands found Dean's hair, and he played with it frantically, trying to distract himself to prolong the pleasure. But, the delicious sensations were just too great to resist. He was going to explode like a firecracker.

“Mmmm...I'm going to cum!” Seth cried, just before it happened. Dean kept his mouth locked on, swallowing what felt like half a cup of cum to Seth. And, even after Seth was drained, Dean kept at it, until the pleasure was too much to bear and Seth's muscles were twitching. He thought he would pass out, and finally Dean stopped.

“Good boy,” he told Seth, and smiled.

Again, they cuddled until Seth, as usual, began to fidget.

“Gotta pee?”

“Uh-huh.” Seth squirmed.

“Want me to find you a bathroom? Or is here okay?”

“Right here. I need to piss now.”

“Okay, let me just get these undies off and my pants back on and I'll open the doors so-”

“I can't wait that long,” Seth claimed. He could wait, but felt like playing up the situation. “Just open the door and I'll piss from the car.”

“But, Seth, some is sure to get on the floor and...” Dean trailed off, then broke into a grin. He opened the door and positioned himself to protect the car's interior. “Just in case you miss,” he said, playfully.

Seth smiled sassily. “I won't miss.” He began pissing, directly on Dean's cummy undies.

“Oh, Seth, you dirty boy... The floor... Fuck, that's so hot, though.”

Mindful of his car's interior, Seth aimed out the door, but finished on Dean, who was rubbing himself through the cute, dirty briefs.

“Damn you, Seth! Now I've got a hard on again, thanks a lot.”

“You're welcome. Now give me those.” Seth gestured at the briefs.

Dean took them off and handed them over. He wiped his hands with paper towel. “We should find a gas station or a McDonald's or something. I need coffee. I'm kind of tired,” he admitted, and stifled a yawn.

Seth felt guilty for making Dean stop. “Are you sure you don't want to stop at that motel you were talking about for a catnap? We don't have to get home right away.”

Dean pulled his jeans back on. “Nah, babe, I'll be okay with another coffee.”

“That stuff's going to melt holes in your belly, love.”

“Nonsense, I put half and half in it, protects my tummy. Wish it would protect my poor bladder, too.” Dean replied, as he put the car back in order.

Seth took another hit from his travel bong. “You just drink way too much of it. You're like the poster boy for coffee. Bet you don't even use k-cups.”

“Guilty.” Dean chuckled, as he guided them back on the road. “I do have a Keurig, it was a gift, but I don't use it because it doesn't brew enough at a time. My trusty old Mr. Coffee can make twelve cups.”

“And I'll bet that if I stopped by your house, any time of day or night, you'd have a pot on,” Seth teased.

“Well, except for at night. But, I have it ready to go, so all I have to do in the morning, or if you stopped by after bedtime, is flip the switch. I usually don't drink it after seven or eight at night-”

“Yes you do.”

“Okay, I do, but not when I'm at home.”

“Afraid you'll wet the bed?” Seth teased.

Dean giggled. “Maybe. Ever wet yours?”

Seth blushed. “Yeah, quite a few times. But not while sleeping, not since I was a kid, anyway.”

“Explain?” Dean asked, curiously.

“My Wall Street guy controlled my restroom privileges. At night I was often in bondage, and sometimes I would wake up just bursting to piss, and if I couldn't wake him, well, I can only handle so much.” Seth hated to be dishonest to Dean about who his Wall Street guy really was, or were, if you would, but he felt he had no other choice.

“That sounds hot,” Dean commented.

“That one time he wouldn't let me piss before he fucked me, I went all over the bed during, and afterwards, when I still needed to go, he ordered me to finish on myself, in my bed. I drank some.” Seth smiled sassily for Dean who was again watching him in the mirror.

“Dirty boy,” Dean scolded, playfully, then squirmed.

“Uh-oh,” Seth giggled.

“I'll just go when I get that coffee.”

“Sure you can wait that long?”

“Yep. GPS says we're two-point-six miles away from McDonald's.”

“You could always just go in your pants,” Seth suggested.

“But the seat will get soaked.”

“That's okay.”

“Seth, you're a dirty little fucker,” Dean said, with great affection.

“I'm your dirty little fucker.”

“Mhmm, all mine. And I'm your...um...” With his mind on his cramping bladder, Dean couldn't think of a cute pet name for himself.

“You're my bad boy,” Seth supplied, cutely.

“Perfect,” Dean sighed, contentedly as he pulled into the McDonald's parking lot. “Do you want anything, love?” He asked Seth.

“Well, I guess I shouldn't let you drink alone. I'll get a coffee, too.”

“Did you want to come inside with me?”

Seth shook his head. “Nah, it's too much of a hassle.”

“No it isn't,” Dean insisted. “I'm going to run in and pee real quick and come back to help you out.” Dean left the car and hurried into the restaurant.

He was back out to the car in a moment.

“That was fast,” Seth quipped.

“Bathroom's busy.” Dean pee-danced as he helped Seth from the car.

Seth used his crutches to make an ungraceful entrance, following Dean. He sat down at a table while Dean tried the men's room again.

Again, he returned unrelieved. “I'm going to get our coffees. Hopefully, I'll finally be able to pee when I come back.”

When Dean was gone, the men's room became available, and just when he was on his way back, it became occupied again, and Dean saw. “Fucking bastard,” he mumbled. He sat down across from Seth and wiggled. “Hurry the fuck up in there...” Dean snapped under his breath and fidgeted madly.

“Honey, just relax,” Seth whispered, looking around at the other patrons staring at them. None of them were under the age of seventy, so he felt pretty good no one would recognize them.

“If I relax, I'll pee myself,” Dean whispered back, tightly.

“Please just...calm down, love. People are starting to stare.”

“Then they're really going to stare at the puddle under my chair.”

“Dean, you're not going to piss yourself. The restroom's going to be free real soon. Now just calm down, please honey, people are staring.”

“They could be staring at your crutches,” Dean snapped nastily.

That stung, and Seth looked away.

Dean wasn't too oblivious to notice he'd hurt his lover's feelings. “Oh, fuck, I'm sorry, Seth. Having to pee so bad makes me...bitchy.”

“It's okay, honey. I think I just heard the toilet flush.”

Dean got up and began pacing back and forth in front of the men's room. Seth saw that yes, some of the older people were looking at Dean and laughing at him; not at the cripple and his crutches. Finally, the man who'd kept Dean waiting left the men's room, and Dean scrambled in. The man who'd left the bathroom stopped by Seth. He was forty-something, fat, and wearing a hideous oatmeal-colored sweater.

“Hey, you're Seth Rollins! Sorry about your knee, hope you get better fast!” The big guy said. He smelled like sweat, cum, and onions.

Seth wanted to vomit. “Thank you,” he managed to say, and sipped his coffee.

“Mind if I take a pic?”

“Actually, I would appreciate it if you didn't, big guy. I'm just getting out of the hospital and don't feel up to any photo ops. I'll sign an autograph for you, if you want,” Seth compromised.

“I do respect that, man,” stinky man said. He pulled a business card from his wallet and a pen from his pocket. “Can you make it out to Ben and Emma? Those are my kids.”

“Of course,” Seth replied, and signed the back of the card, wondering who had laid down with stinky man.

“Thank you.” Stinky man stuck out his hand and even though Seth really didn't want to, he shook it. “Get well soon.”

“Thanks,” Seth replied, glad it was over. He felt like taking a shower.

Dean came back. “Come on, let's go,” he whispered quickly.

“I want to wash my hands,” Seth said.

“You've got hand sanitizer in your car. Come on, let's go,” Dean repeated.

Seth clumsily got on his crutches and followed Dean out to the car. “What's wrong?” He asked, as Dean helped him get settled.

“Your number one fan there made me pee my pants.”

Seth saw he'd tied his hoodie around his waist to try to hide it. And, he was blushing. “Let me see the 'damage'.”

Blushing cutely, Dean lifted the hoodie to show Seth the wet stain that had spread on the crotch of his tight jeans.

“Poor thing, you must have been totally bursting.” Seth touched the wet places.

Dean nodded. “Uh-huh. I almost made it, too.” He gave Seth a kiss, and closed the back door. He got in the driver's seat and took a big swallow of coffee.

“Take it easy, honey, unless you want to get your pants even wetter.”

“Maybe I do, just for you, but I'd like to do it when we get home, not in the car. This is just like that trip to Arlington, only worse because I don't have any extra clothes with me. This is my last clean pair of pants, too. At least I have clean undies at the condo.”

“Yes, just look at what you did to these.” Seth held up Dean's filthy teal briefs.

“Hey, that's not fair. You made me do it. And, you peed on them.”

“You liked it, bad boy.”

“Hell yeah, I did, you dirty little fucker. I loved it, it was hot as hell. When you need to go again, let me know.”

“Don't worry, I will. And, don't be afraid to tell me: 'No, Seth, you need to hold it'. I like being denied, and pushed to the point of begging and still being told no. I want you to make me piss myself.”

“Mmmm, I like that idea, making you piss yourself like the dirty little fucker you are,” Dean decided.

“Let me wear a pair of your cute new briefs, then spank me for pissing in them,” Seth suggested.

“Tie me to the bed when I've really gotta pee, then spank me for wetting in it,” Dean propositioned, brightly.

“Ever done that? Wet the bed? You asked me earlier, so it's only right you share, too.”

“You got a good point. Yes, I have, but I wasn't spanked for it.”

“As an adult?”

“Three times, all while passed out drunk. One of those times, the second time, I was sharing a bed with someone else. Not for play, just for sleep. None of it got on him, but he told freaking everyone he could.”

“What a dick,” Seth commented.

“Yeah, he's probably still a dick. But, the other two times I was alone in bed, though the last time I wasn't alone in the room.” Dean giggled a little.

“And when did this happen?”

“The night before we flew to Europe. Partied at the hotel with Roman, Jimmy, and Jey. Jey's a terrible influence on me! Anyway, I only had this much-” Dean pinched his thumb and forefinger together. “Every five minutes. I bunked with Jey, as usual, and passed out. When I woke up, I was soaked, and the whole room smelled like pee. Jey was already up, too, so I couldn't deny it. He didn't make a big deal out of it, though.”

“And, he didn't tell everyone.”

“Jey wouldn't. He's good like that.”

Seth wanted to tell Dean about the Authority, but he knew Dean would probably accidentally blab about it someday, the same way he'd blabbed about Jey to Seth. Not like Seth would tell anyone about Jey's pissing problems, but not everyone had Seth's discretion. Besides, his injury had essentially made him a free man. But, if he wanted that title again, he might very well find himself back in servitude to Master and Mistress. He'd have to leave Dean. Did the Authority know about him and Dean? They had to have known Dean was at the hospital, as he'd called them after the surgery. When Dean had put in for his leave days, had he said he'd be caring for Seth?

“You okay, babe?” Dean asked, when Seth didn't say anything.

“Mhmm,” Seth replied, since he couldn't discuss any of his current thoughts with Dean, he made something up. “Just thinking about how nice it'll feel to be home.”

*002*2016-07-11 16:05

Chapter Three: Seth's Homecoming

Two hours later, Dean pulled into Seth's two and a half car attached garage. He threw it in park, turned it off, and leaned forward, head down on the steering wheel. He held himself and whimpered. “I'm not going to make it to the bathroom.”

“Yes you are,” Seth encouraged, even though he agreed that Dean probably wouldn't make it to the bathroom; he'd been wiggling in the driver's seat since before they'd left the freeway. Seth used his crutches to hobble out and open Dean's door. “Come on, I'll help you.”

Dean shook his head. “No, I can't. If I even move my little toe, I'm going to pee. I don't want to pee in your car, Seth!”

Seth stroked his lover's hair. “I won't get upset if you have an accident in my car.”

“I know... I just don't want to do it!”

“You're going to if you don't get up,” Seth pointed out.

“True,” Dean agreed. “Here goes...” Carefully, he got out of the car. “Oh, fuck...” Dean managed to shuffle two steps towards the door. “Not again!” He cried in dismay, and squatted down as his poor bladder exploded.

Seth watched the piss make Dean's already damp-stained jeans shiny and wet. It dripped off his shapely ass into a quickly-spreading puddle on the garage floor. Seth was so turned on he forgot to breathe, but Dean, who'd been awake for nearly two days, buried his face in his hands, as if he were ashamed, and that brought Seth back to reality.

“I'm so sorry, Seth,” Dean said, his voice weary.

Seth snugged him as best he could without losing his balance. “Don't worry about it, my love.”

Dean slowly stood. He untied his hoodie from his waist and let it drop into the puddle he'd made on Seth's nice clean garage floor. He sniffled. He was exhausted, and now he had a mess to clean up. Hot tears stung his eyes, and he swallowed hard.

Seth let his crutches drop and hugged Dean tight. “Hey, it's okay. Let's go inside. We can deal with that later.”

Dean nodded, picked up Seth's crutches. He helped his boyfriend negotiate the step up in to the house, and made sure he was settled comfortably in the living room, with refreshments, remote controls, and his PS4 and XBox360 controllers.

“Dean?”

“Yes, love?”

“This is probably the wrong thing to say right now, but I have to say it...You look damn sexy in your pissed pants.” Seth blushed, and couldn't help but smile.

Dean blushed, too, and struck a pose in the mirror that covered one wall of Seth's living room. “You're right,” he agreed, then yawned. “I'm going to crash for a few hours before dinner. Call me if you need anything. Love you.”

“Love you, too.” They shared a hug and a kiss.

Seth fell asleep, too, in his favorite recliner, and it was sunset when he awoke to the delicious aroma of tacos. He grabbed his crutches and headed for the kitchen. Dean, wearing only briefs and a WWE t-shirt, was at the stove. Seth sat down at the counter, where all the fixings had been laid out.

“A feast!” Seth declared.

Dean nodded. “Mhmm. Wasn't sure what you liked on your tacos, so I got everything.”

“You're the sweetest thing ever. Did you sleep well?”

“Uh-huh, I feel pretty chipper now. How about you?”

“Knee hurts some,” Seth admitted. It actually hurt pretty bad, but he was trying not to focus in it.

“Did you want a pain pill?” Dean asked.

Seth shook his head. “I don't like the way they make me feel. Maybe some Tylenol? Otherwise, I'm feeling great, happy to be home with my guy.”

Dean smiled and snugged him. “Everything's done. What would you like to drink?”

“Water,” Seth replied, thinking of later. “Cute undies.”

Dean giggled, and looked down at them. They were another one of his new pairs; grayish-violet with white trim. “Not exactly my dinner tux, but all my pants are in the wash, literally.”

“That's okay. You don't need them,” Seth replied, sensually.

“Seth!” Dean chastised, playfully. “It's dinner time. And, you have to eat dinner to have energy for...dessert.” He pressed his quickly-stiffening semi against Seth's hip, and they both watched precum wet-spot Dean's new briefs.

They began kissing, and petting, but Dean pulled away. “Later, sweetness,” he told Seth, and himself. “Food first. Dig in, I'll get your water and the Tylenol.”

“Lots of it, please.” Seth winked.

“Water, or Tylenol?”

“Water, of course.”

Dean's tacos were delicious. Afterwards, Seth helped out by putting lids on the remaining containers of toppings while Dean hurried through the rest of the post-dinner chores, looking awkward, but still unbearably sexy with “another god-awful hard on”, as he'd called it.

Seth, who was also hard, and who'd had nearly four bottles of water with his four tacos, really needed to piss, but wanted to wait for Dean, of course. He idly stroked himself. The pain in his knee had lessened some, to the point he could mostly ignore it. He wanted Dean to fuck him like Mistress had, only without the dildo, he wanted the real thing. He watched Dean build them a nest on the kitchen floor, with layers of quilts and blankets.

“Is there any bedding left on the beds?” Seth asked, playfully.

Dean stripped off his shirt and smiled. “Of course, my love.” He sauntered over to Seth and helped him off with his clothes. Seth shivered.

“Oops, sorry, I should turn up the heat a little. Did you need anything?”

“Just you,” Seth replied.

Dean embraced him for a moment and gave him a quick kiss on the forehead. “I'll be right back.” He dashed away.

Seth heard the furnace kick on, and Dean came back with another pair of colored briefs, yellow with white trim. “I brought you these. Now don't go peeing in them,” Dean teased, as he helped Seth pull them on.

“And what if I do?” Seth asked.

“Hmmm... What did you say earlier? That you wanted to be spanked?”

“Mhmm, something like that,” Seth agreed, as Dean helped him get settled in the nest. “I also believe that you said you wanted to make me piss myself like the dirty boy I am.”

Dean kissed him. “Yup.”

“Well, in that case...” Seth guided Dean's hand down to his bulging bladder. “I need a piss break.”

“Oh, I don't think so, Seth.”

“But I had three and a half bottles of water with dinner!”

“Yeah, but you can hold it,” Dean told him. He groped Seth's hard-on through the cute yellow undies.

Seth mmm'd with pleasure. Dean slipped him out and began to jack him off and the pleasure grew and grew. Soon, Seth felt that now-familiar, intense will I cum or will I piss sensation he enjoyed greatly. To prolong it, he fought doing either by pulling away from Dean and holding his cock tightly. It felt hopeless, he was going to lose it, he was beyond the edge. But, what spurted from his cock in clenched fist was only piss. So, he struggled against that, jacking himself, but the piss kept leaking out in drips, trickling down his fist, shaft, and balls. The new undies were getting wet, too.

“I seem to have sprung a leak,” Seth said, breathlessly.

“Oh, Seth, that's so hot.”

“Oh, fuck, I think I'm going to cum!” Seth cried. He was over the edge for sure this time; everything was tingling, and his heart was racing. He was spurting piss again, it was splashing down on his groin and tummy, and then an explosion of cum and euphoria. He laid back in Dean's arms, panting, dazed, and splashed with his own cum.

Dean snugged and kissed him. “Intense?”

Seth managed to nod. It wasn't as intense as it had been from the inside, but it was still an amazing experience.

“So that's what it's like to do both at once,” Dean mused.

“Mhmm. Pissgasm.”

“Looked fun, may have to try that sometime... And, you've still got to pee.” Dean rubbed Seth's still-swollen belly.

Seth smiled sassily, tucked himself back into the new undies he'd already wet like he wasn't supposed to, and went with the cramp that resulted from Dean pressing on his bladder. Hot piss poured into the yellow undies, soaked into the bedding, and pooled under his ass.

“Seth! You dirty boy, you're not supposed to wet your undies...or my undies, I should say,” Dean scolded playfully.

Seth freed his pissing cock and aimed it at Dean and himself, washing his cum away. Dean began rubbing their wet, slick bodies as if he were hypnotized, and his eyes had that shadowy, hazy look they got whenever he was especially horny. When Seth finished, he kissed Dean from his lips downwards; tasting his own piss on his lover's skin was very erotic.

Dean stopped him short of sin by simply pulling away and standing up. “Not so fast there, love. I owe you a spanking.”

Seth made his puppydog eyes at Dean.

“Now don't try looking all innocent; you did that on purpose. You knew you were supposed to keep my briefs dry. Now you know you must be punished.”

Seth nodded. “I've been a dirty boy.” He looked down at the wet undies.

“I have no idea how we can do this without potentially hurting your knee...” Dean mused. “Hmmm... Maybe bend over the counter, and support your weight on your good leg.” He helped Seth up and into position. “Now, I'm not going to spank you hard, but they won't be love taps, either. I won't spank you any harder than I like being spanked... Undies on or off?”

“I think-”

“I wasn't asking you, dirty boy. I think I'll spank you with the undies on, since they're wet because of you. Fuck, Seth, there's not a dry spot left!” Dean exclaimed, as he felt them.

Seth automatically apologized. “I'm sorry, Sir.”

Dean laughed. “Sir? Oh, I'll give you Sir!”

Whack! Dean's first spanking caught Seth off-guard; it was pretty sharp, and stung.

“You're a dirty boy, Seth, a bad boy,” Dean playfully scolded, and caressed Seth's wet ass. “And, this is what bad boys get!” Whack!

Seth was definitely getting turned on again; he'd known he would. He still wanted Dean inside him. Dean pulled the wet briefs down around Seth's thighs and administered one final smack. “I think three's enough, since you just had surgery,” Dean said brightly. He stroked Seth's naked, now-red ass. “Perfect,” he declared.

“It's yours.” Seth blushed, and stammered. “I...I want you to fuck me.”

Dean hugged him tight, and planted a kiss on the back of his neck. “Let me get the lube. I put it right by the heat vent so it would be nice and warm.”

Seth was nervous. Dean was bigger than the Seth-sized dildo had been. Would it hurt? Dean dripped the warm lube into Seth's cute crack and gently stroked him between. When he fingered Seth, it felt good, unlike when Master had done it while prepping him for Mistress. Still, Seth was so nervous he trembled, and caring lover that he was, Dean noticed.

“You're shaking! Are you okay?” Are you sure you're up to this?” Dean stopped everything he was doing and held Seth close.

“Yes and yes,” Seth replied. “I'm a little...scared. You're a lot bigger than my Wall Street guy. I'm not sure if I'll be able handle so much.”

Dean kissed his earlobe. “I'm very gentle. I won't put him in all the way. And, if anything I'm doing hurts, tell me right away, don't try to man up.”

Seth knew Dean wouldn't hurt him; Dean loved him. “I know you'll feel good. Now do me.”

Dean kissed him on the neck one last time and stood up. He coated his hard-on with the lube and gently grabbed Seth by the hips. Softly, he poked and prodded Seth the same way he had with his fingers until he gained entrance. “Oh, sweetness, you're so tight!” Dean gasped.

Even though Dean had only penetrated him a little, Seth could feel the difference from the dildo. It didn't hurt, though, it felt good, different without the vibrations, but somehow better. Maybe it was the warmth, the closeness, the mere fact it was Dean. “You feel so good,” Seth told him. “You can go in more.”

Dean was now the one trembling, struggling not to cum in Seth's tight ass. Why did Seth turn him on so much that he had to cum like it was his first time every time? Sometimes all Seth had to do was casually grope him, and Dean would shoot his load like a fifteen year old. “Oh, god damn it! I'm gonna cum!”

Dean pulled out, and Seth felt hot, gooey jiz hit his ass and trickle down his crack. Dean clung to him, sweaty and breathing hard. After he'd recovered a bit, he helped Seth back down to a dry spot on the nest of blankets and quilts, and again held him close. “Are you okay, my love?” He asked, and stroked Seth's blonde highlight.

“Quite.” Seth snuggled up closer, and kissed Dean's chest before laying his head down. “I love you.”

“I love you, too. This much!” Dean declared, and held his arms open as far apart as they'd go. “You make me so happy, Seth.” He wrapped his arms around his boyfriend and squeezed him tight.

“I feel so good whenever I'm with you. I don't even feel like I've just had major knee surgery.”

“But you have. We probably shouldn't have played so rough...” Dean realized. “I'm sorry.”

“No, I loved it. I needed it. And, I'm not hurting anywhere.”

Dean smiled, and pulled a dry blanket over them.

Later that night, Seth and Dean lay in the guest bedroom downstairs, feeding each other rainbow sherbet.

“My love, I have to tell you something. Roman's coming to visit tomorrow. He'll be here in the afternoon, and he'll leave with me for RAW on Sunday. I figured he could stay upstairs in your room, or on the couch, but if you're not okay with that, I'll tell him he has to get a hotel room,” Dean blurted, nervous Seth would be upset he'd made plans without checking first.

“Don't be an ass, of course he can stay here! It'll be a Shield reunion!” Seth was laughing, but he remembered Dean crushing on Roman recently and wondered if any of those feelings remained. He did understand, Roman was very handsome, and Seth would admit that he, too, had fantasized about Roman, and even stolen peeks of him in the locker room. He wondered if Roman had done the same or felt the same.

“Whew! Thank goodness you're okay with it. I knew I was taking a risk, but he really wanted to come see you.”

“That's sweet of him.”

Dean nodded. “He knows what you're going through. It was supposed to be a surprise, but I didn't feel right not checking with you.”

“Do I still have to act surprised?”

“Or I can tell Roman I told you. He probably knows I would, anyway, me and my big mouth.”

Seth giggled, and fed Dean another spoonful of sherbet.

*004*2016-07-17 02:44

Chapter Four: The Shield Reunites

When Seth awoke the next morning, Dean wasn't beside him in bed, but the condo smelled of cooking aromas, and he quickly appeared with a tray.

“Breakfast in bed?” Seth was delighted. “Oh, Dean, you're too sweet.”

Dean started to set it down, then stood back up with it. “Do you have to pee first?”

Seth tested his bladder. “I can hold it for this.” He patted his lap and Dean set the tray across his legs. A cheese omelet, orange juice, bacon, toast, and coffee. He probably should piss before he drank the coffee, but he could handle everything else.

“It's not much, but it's better than Lucky Charms,” Dean said.

“Thank you.”

Dean gave him a quick kiss. “Back to the kitchen.”

He spent most of the morning in the kitchen, making the dishes he'd promised would sustain Seth while he was away. Seth worked out (except his right leg), played more games, and posted a social media update all from the comfort of his den. Dean popped in from time to time with updates from Roman, who arrived just after one.

He brought the cold in with him, it clung to his heavy leather coat, but his hug to Seth was still somehow warm. “What a nice place!” He complimented Seth. “Where's-”

“Here I am, bro!” Dean seized him from behind in a big hug.

Roman winced, and shifted his weight from foot to foot as Dean gushed on about the lunch that was waiting, oblivious to Roman's body language that was screaming for relief. He managed to free himself. “Restroom?” He asked, urgently.

“Through the kitchen and to the right,” Seth said.

“Oh, sorry, I should have known you'd need to pee! Let me show you,” Dean said.

Dean led Roman away, and Seth made his way into the kitchen. Dean had made a huge crock pot of chicken tortilla soup, using many of the leftover taco toppings, for lunch. It smelled awesome, but Seth didn't trust himself to serve up any while using his crutches. He did manage to produce the chopped cilantro, sour cream, and shredded cheese.

Dean and Roman came into the kitchen, laughing. Roman sat down beside Seth and patted his back. “It's so good to see you getting around.”

Seth smiled and rolled his eyes. “So to speak.”

“Stop, man. You look great, wouldn't be able to guess you'd just had surgery. Mr. Drama here had me thinking you had one foot in the grave.”

“Hey, I resent your characterization-” Dean began as he began dishing up the soup.

“I did have some really low points,” Seth admitted.

Roman squeezed his leg. “We'll talk after lunch.”

Lunch was a slow meal; soup, conversation, reverie, and lots of laughs. Afterwards, Dean gave Roman the grand tour of Seth's condo before excusing himself back to the kitchen. Roman parked himself on the couch in the den, beside Seth's recliner, and put one paw on Seth's arm, tenderly.

“Listen, Seth. When I hurt my shoulder, I thought that life as I knew it was over. For a little while, I guess it was. Now don't get upset, but I have to ask: Have you been keeping current with the storylines?”

“No...I just don't think I can bear to. Everything going on without me.” Seth felt the depression tugging at him, like the undertow at a beach.

“Neither could I,” Roman admitted. “I tried once, the first night I was home from the hospital, and found I was just...gone. It felt terrible.”

Seth nodded, and some of the sadness and self-pity ebbed away. Roman understood where he was right now. “Did you ever think your career might be over?”

“Yeah. And even later on, when I was almost back to normal, and my return was being written, I'd have nightmares about it. I wouldn't remember them, but I'd wake up with my pillowcase wet with tears.” Roman had never told that to anyone, not even family. “I dreaded not getting medically cleared, but I did. I came back, and was given a huge push. You'll get the same, if not better, believe that.”

Seth laughed. “Uh-oh, break out the Shield gear.”

Roman laughed, too. “They never let me take mine off. They'll probably just give you the belt, since you're the golden boy and all.”

“If only you knew.” It was out before Seth could stop himself. Dean's blabbermouth had apparently run off on him. Open mouth, insert foot.

“Knew what?” Roman asked, with great interest.

Seth blushed and lost composure. His natural submissive tendencies to seek Roman's approval were coming in strong. “I'm...I'm definitely a 'golden boy',” he said, finally, keeping his eyes down. He wondered if Roman would get the innuendo.

He did, mostly. “An age player into watersports,” he mused.

“Almost,” Seth corrected. “A sub into watersports. I've never done age play before, but I've done puppy play.”

“Tell me about that.”

“I was treated like a dog. Talked to like a dog; fed like a dog from dishes with my name on them set on the floor; collared, harnessed, leashed, muzzled, and penned.”

Roman let out a relieved chuckle. “For a minute, I thought you were going to say something else, son.”

“Sufferin' succotash, I'm not that freaky,” Seth teased.

“Then what's your interest in watersports, if you're not that freaky?”

“Seems to tie in with my naughty, submissive, nature.”

“I meant, what do you enjoy about piss play? It's a multi-faceted fetish.”

Seth realized it was a fetish that Roman must have as well. Already, his mind was teeming with dirty thoughts. “I've only recently begun to explore it in the past few months. But, I love being denied the right to piss and being forced to hold it; pissing on people; getting pissed on by people; wet briefs... Hell, everything I've done so far I've really enjoyed.”

“Same here,” Roman replied. “I only started exploring a few months ago, too. A partner turned me on. He's a sub, too, and very into age play.”

Roman had never told Seth he played with guys before. Unlike some people in the locker room, Roman was tight-lipped when it came to his conquests.

“I'm a Dom by nature,” Roman continued. “And he sensed that right away, and put me in the role of his big brother.”

Seth smiled, thinking of Roman role playing someone's (Seth assumed it was someone from work) big brother.

“Anyway, he was also into piss play, and diapers, and I got pulled in. I guess my start was when we'd go out drinking. He always broke the seal, so I started making him hold it the first time he needed to go, to at least delay the frequent restroom breaks. A couple of times I pushed him a little too far, and my poor sub got a little wet. I kind of wanted to know how he felt, so I started limiting myself, too. Found out I have a pretty strong bladder.”

“Me too,” Seth smiled. “As a sub, I've been forced beyond my limits. I even found myself struggling not to piss my pants on RAW. Worst promo I ever did; the whole Authority reamed me a new asshole for that one while my bladder was still aching from what I'd been forced to put it through. Dean said he would've just pissed his pants and hoped no one noticed.”

Roman laughed. “He would, too, he's crazy.”

“I've never pissed myself on accident,” Seth said, proudly.

“Me neither, but I've done it on purpose.” Roman grinned. “Dean's had me close to an accident a couple times with the way he sneaks up from behind and does that bear hug thing, today was the second time he caught me on the way to the restroom. Maybe the next time he does it, I won't be able to handle the added pressure. Wonder what he'd think of that.”

“I could tell you.”

“Oh really?”

“Yes, really. He'd love it. So would I.”

“Quite bold for a sub, aren't you?” Roman gave him a half-reproachful look.

Seth lowered his gaze. “Maybe a little. I have been spanked and otherwise punished an awful lot. I guess I'm a bad boy.”

“You guess you're a bad boy?”

“I used to be a good boy, but Dean's a bad influence,” Seth replied, cutely.

“I'll bet.” Roman considered the situation. “And you want a Shield threesome.”

“Oh, yes, Sir! Please, Sir, I'll be a good boy, I promise!” Seth begged.

“How does the other bad boy feel about these plans?”

“I want it to be a surprise,” Seth gushed with excitement. “He's always wanted to play with you, he thinks you're hot as fuck. So do I.”

Roman smiled. “Alright, bad boy. This is probably already understood, but I'm going to run the show.”

“Of course, Sir! Thank you, Sir!”

After dinner, Seth whispered to Dean that he again had yearnings, and once Roman excused himself to take a shower in the master bath upstairs, the couple hurried into the guest room. In a flash, Dean was bound to the bed, fully clothed, oops. Laughing, Seth started undoing the straps to fix the problem, but didn't get past the first one.

“What are you dirty boys doing?” Roman was suddenly there.

“Fuck!” Dean gasped, in shock and wonderment. But Seth just replied in his most innocent voice: “Playing.”

“Redo that strap now, boy,” Roman ordered. “What kind of game is this?”

Seth redid the strap around his boyfriend's wrist. “I'm going to make Dean piss the bed, Sir.”

Dean had recovered and realized he wasn't dreaming. He smiled at Roman. “It won't take long; I already need to go.”

“You will keep that bed, and yourself, dry,” Roman told him.

“But-” Dean protested.

“You can go when I say you can. Until then, wait.”

Seth suddenly remembered his own full bladder. Anticipating the threesome, he'd been pounding water ever since Roman had agreed. “May I be excused, Sir?”

“Come here.”

Seth slid to the edge of the bed, wearing only a pair of gray boxer briefs. Before he knew it, Roman had him tied to a chair, his right leg left loose, and elevated on the bed.

“No, you have to wait, too,” Roman told him, as he admired his handiwork.

“But-” Seth began.

“I hate that word. If either of you talks back to me again, I'll make you both wait even longer,” Roman warned. “Now be good boys while I go do some adult stuff.” He stepped out, leaving the bound lovers on their own.

“Fuck, this is fucking hot!” Dean declared. “I can't believe you did this, you're the best!”

“I only got Roman to agree to a threesome, and knew he was going to come in. He said he'd run the show, and he's definitely doing that.” Seth squirmed in the chair. “Fuck, I really gotta piss.”

“Me, too,” Dean said, and wiggled on the bed. “Have you noticed you have a harder time not pissing yourself since you've started playing with it? I sure have.”

Seth nodded. “And when I get horny, my bladder starts cramping.”

“Oh, fuck! I just peed a little, thanks a lot.”

Seth could see the wet spot on Dean's jeans. That made it very hard for him not to do the same. “It's not my fault,” Seth protested. “Aw, fuck!” His bladder was cramping now, and it was too painful to fight for much longer. He started calling for Roman. “Sir! Sir! I really need to piss now! Sir!”

“We really need to piss now,” Dean corrected. “Fuck!” He struggled against his restraints, and the wet spot on his jeans grew.

That was more than Seth could handle. “Oh no! Sir!” He cried, as he felt some of the piss escape. Shiny darkness bloomed on the crotch of his undies, and piss dripped off the chair. He felt a little better with some of the pressure off, but he knew it wouldn't last.

Dean was whimpering and quivering as he struggled to hold the rest, even though he was growing wetter by the second. “COME ON, ROMAN!”

Roman came back. “You bad boys! Look at what you've gone and done! I told you to wait!”

Dean kept wiggling, and Seth put on his puppydog face.

Roman addressed Dean first. “You still need to go? Even after what you've already done in your bed?”

Dean nodded eagerly. “Yes!”

“Yes what?”

“Yes, Sir,” Dean corrected himself.

“What about you?” Roman asked Seth. “Do you still need to go?”

Even though his bladder was a visible bulge, Seth coyly shook his head. “No, Sir.”

Roman palpitated the bulge. “Yes you do.” He re-positioned Seth's chair, and slipped him out of his fly. He aimed him directly at Dean. “Out with it.”

Even though he wanted to explode, and piss all over his boyfriend in the process, Seth forced himself to stop after only a little while, the piss not even reaching Dean because Seth hadn't dared piss full-force for fear of being unable to regain control.

“All of it, Seth,” Roman ordered, and Seth dutifully obeyed. “That a boy.” Roman directed Seth's endless stream as much towards Dean as he could, but wasn't too successful due to the height difference between the chair and the bed; most of the piss went over Dean and on to the floor on the other side of the bed.

After putting Seth back into his wet undies, Roman turned his attention back to Dean. “Okay, bad boy, it's your turn.”

Dean was soaked. “That won't be necessary, um, Sir. I couldn't wait. I tried to wait, I really did, but I just couldn't.”

“You know it's wrong to go all over yourself,” Roman half-scolded.

“Yes, I know...Sir. It was an accident.” Dean kept playing the cute card. “Seth did it, too!”

“Yes, I know that, tattle-tale piss-pants. Whatever am I going to do with you two bad boys?”

“I think you should not punish us, and just forget it happened,” Dean said, brightly, and Seth emphatically nodded and tried not to laugh.

Roman did laugh, a lot. Every time he tried to be serious, he'd look at Dean and Seth and literally double over with the giggles. Finally, he was able to continue. “I'm sorry, but you guys are just too fucking cute.” He undid Seth's restraints and helped him to the bench in front of the bed. “Just the same, I have to punish you.” He undid Dean's restraints. “Make sure Seth doesn't hurt his knee while I give him what he's got coming,” Roman ordered Dean.

Dean obeyed, and helped Seth bend over. Roman pulled down the wet boxer briefs and swatted Seth's naked wet ass. Four sharp, stinging slaps, and Roman and Dean settled Seth down on the bench, on his burning ass cheeks.

“Now it's your turn,” Roman told Dean, and sat down beside Seth on the bench. “Over my knees boy, bare-ass.”

Dean lowered his soaking wet jeans and tighty whities. He laid prone across Roman's legs, his head in Seth's damp lap. He turned so Seth could see his sassy grin. “You're the best!” Dean whispered. “I love you.”

Seth tousled Dean's dirty-blonde hair. “I love you, too.”

“What's that?” Roman asked, stroking Dean's very spankable ass.

“Nothing, Sir,” Seth replied, and Dean giggled.

“Dean, you're going to get it!” Roman threatened, but his tone was that of a big brother teasing a little brother. Seth found that very hot, and felt different wetness in his damp boxer briefs.

“I'll be good!” Dean promised, put he poked Seth to show him his fingers were crossed.

Roman laughed and swatted Dean's ass five times. Then: “Dean!” Roman stood up. His lap was wet. “You dirty little bastard!”

“I, um, couldn't help it,” Dean lied, and Seth began laughing.

“Such a nasty boy... I have no idea what to do with you...” Roman began, but Seth noticed he seemed distracted. He was casually pacing before his Shield playmates with authority, but his posture and gait was somehow...tight. Seth realized it was the same way he himself had appeared during his worst promo ever, struggling not to piss himself. Just as he made the connection, Roman stopped pacing, and bent over with one hand in his crotch.

“Aw, fuck...” Roman said. He straightened up. The stain Dean had left on his jeans had grown, and spread down one leg. “And to think I punished you guys... I've never pissed anything but underwear before.” He chuckled a little.

“Fuck, Roman, that's fucking hot!” Dean exclaimed.

“Fuck yeah it is,” Seth agreed, and he and Dean automatically began kissing and petting each other.

“I still really need to go,” Roman said. He took off his shirt, and put a hand on his bulging bladder. He undid his belt and jeans and stepped out of them. He was wearing tight black boxer briefs, and he had to hold himself. “I haven't been to the restroom since I first got here. I've been needing to piss since before dinner. I don't know how I managed not to piss in the shower, but I didn't.”

“Damn,” Seth commented. “You must have a crazy-strong bladder.”

“I do, but I'm beyond my limits now,” Roman admitted, and made a helpless face. “I'm about to piss everywhere.”

“Piss on us!” Seth exclaimed, and Dean nodded eagerly.

Roman shifted his weight from foot to foot. “I don't think your surgical incision should be getting piss in it, Seth.”

“I'll make sure it doesn't,” Dean promised. “I'll protect it. Please, Roman!”

“Alright, but you protect Seth's knee!” Roman pulled out his cock, and Seth and Dean were both a little envious. Roman was very well-hung, even though he wasn't fully hard, and smooth and pretty, like Seth. He stroked it to try to keep from pissing.

“Are you going to pee on us or what?” Dean asked, as he stroked Seth's hard on through his wet undies.

“Are you going to get something to protect Seth's knee?”

“I was just going to, you know, protect it with my body. I won't let one drop get anywhere near the bandages.”

“Dean, go and get something waterproof to cover Seth's knee now, or neither of you is going to get pissed on. I'll waste it in the bed, or even worse, the toilet,” Roman threatened.

“Okay, okay.” Dean dashed from the room.

“Hurry up!” Roman called after him. He shifted his weight from foot to foot. “Fuck, I'm about to piss,” he complained to Seth.

“If I wasn't temporarily crippled, I'd come over there and tickle you,” Seth teased.

“If you weren't temporarily crippled, I'd be pissing already.” Roman tried to smile, but it turned into a grimace as he bent over and blushed, dealing with a particularly bad bladder cramp. “Fuck. Hurry up, Dean!”

Dean reappeared with a trash bag. “I wanted to find something a little classier, but you kept rushing me-”

Roman snatched the bag from Dean and hastily threw it over Seth's leg. Instantly, he let loose a powerful stream of piss all over Seth's hard cock, re-wetting the snug gray boxer briefs. Roman closed his eyes, and sighed with relief.

“Hey, what about me?” Dean asked, and jumped in front of the waterfall.

“Go sit down, there's plenty for you, too.” Roman grinned, and pissed on his brothers while they played with each other and themselves. Seth even managed to catch the stream in his mouth, and drank some. Dean was playing with him as he drank Roman's golden (well, it wasn't golden at all, it was virtually clear, but it didn't matter) nectar. The whole situation was a sensual overload, and Seth shot his load, the first spurts went somewhere across the room, but Dean managed to catch the rest in his hand.

“Oh, Seth, you dirty little fucker, I love you,” Dean murmured in his ear as he caught the handful.

Roman directed the remainder of his piss at Dean. All over his hard-on until Seth recovered enough to take charge of that, then all over his wifebeater and in his mouth. It was Dean's first time drinking, but it actually tasted pretty good, and he swallowed everything Roman gave him. Seth's hair got very wet when he was going down on Dean, who already seemed ready to explode.

“I.. Want... More...” Dean panted to Roman, while struggling not to cum inside his boyfriend's mouth.

“Sorry, fresh out.” Roman shrugged. “But now I'm hard.” He stroked it and moaned for Dean's amusement.

That pushed Dean over the edge. “Damn you, Roman!” He cried, as he exploded Seth's mouth. Seth sucked him eagerly. “I didn't...want to do that...yet.”

“Mmmm, Dean, you bad, bad boy,” Seth cooed, and they snuggled.

Roman cleared his throat. “My turn. Who wants to help me?”

“Me! Me, me, me!” Seth and Dean chirruped.

Roman looked down at the scepter he held in his hand. Precum seeped, and dripped on floor. “I think I have enough for both of you.”

“I'll say,” Seth quipped. He still hadn't gotten over the perfection of Roman's huge, gorgeous cock.

“Mhmm,” Dean agreed. “Is that a Samoan thing? Being so well-hung?”

Roman laughed. “I don't know.”

“Or is it all in the family? Are your cousins so...gifted?” Dean prodded.

“Jimmy and Jey?” Roman asked, and Dean nodded eagerly. “You should know, you've roomed with Jey a lot.”

“Yeah, but I never got a chance to see his cock except one time, and I didn't look because I said I wouldn't, I didn't even peek, and now I'm-” Dean wrapped his lips around the head of Roman's cock. “Mmmph,” he commented, as he tried to perform decent head on something so large. Seth imagined Roman's sub must shit footballs, if they fucked. Roman certainly wouldn't bend over.

He playfully shoved Dean out of the way. “Allow me.” He dripped strawberry flavored massage oil on Roman's massive hard on and took him in both hands. Roman groaned with pleasure, and dug his fingers into Seth's hair. Seth felt himself getting hard again. He knew he couldn't fit Roman's entire cock in his mouth, so he chose to focus on the head, and work the shaft with his hands.

Dean got up to make out with Roman, but soon Roman was in the throes of pleasure, and almost feral in his expression, panting and growling and cussing. Dean slid from his grasp, and underneath the bench where Seth was perched, and began sucking him instead.

Roman suddenly snatched himself away from Seth and held himself tight, orgasm was very near. “Get up here, bad boy,” he told Dean.

Dean obediently sat down beside Seth on the bench.

“Not that I don't like seeing you two play together, but I'm about to cum.” Roman began to jack himself. “Do you want it?”

“Hell yeah!” Dean replied.

“Yes, Sir,” Seth begged. “Oh, please, Sir.”

“Alright you dirty boys. Sit back, and open wide.”

Dean and Seth obeyed. Automatically, their hands went into each others laps. Roman began to make those feral noises again, and they knew he was close. “Ah, FUCK!”

Dean and Seth tried to catch the hot jiz in their mouths as it spurted from Roman, but they were mostly unsuccessful, most of it got all over them.

That night, the Shield slept together in the guest bed, with Seth in the middle.

