Dirty Shield Brothers

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*009*2016-10-12 02:59

Chapter 9 - Seth's Struggles

When Seth awoke, both his knee and his bladder were throbbing. His workout shorts were wet; he'd begun wetting the bed and could barely fight the urge to keep going. He wasn't going to make it to the restroom, not on his crutches; he had to hold himself to keep more piss from spurting out. He looked about frantically for anything he could find relief in, but Miz had apparently been in while he was sleeping, and had removed the empty malt cup, and plugged Seth's phone into its charger.

Seth realized he had no choice but to call Miz for help. “Houseboy!”

No response. Seth knew that depending on where his houseboy was in the condo, he may not be able to hear him. He tried again. “Houseboy!”

“Please, Miz,” he added quietly, and whimpered as his bladder cramped painfully. Seth was unable to handle it, a big gush of piss escaped. “Fuck! HOUSEBOY!”

Miz came bursting through the door, wearing ridiculous medieval-syle white silk pajamas. “I'm sorry, I was sleeping, and I guess-”

“Don't worry about it,” Seth said, quickly. “Just get me something to piss in.”

“I can help you to the restroom.”

“It's too late for that. Just get me something now!” Seth snapped, trying to hide his embarrassment, but he couldn't keep himself from blushing.

Miz seemed to find Seth's panic contagious. He looked around the room. “Um...uh...”

“Anything!” Seth urged. “Please!” He wanted to kick himself for saying please to his houseboy, but it did get Miz moving. “Hurry up!”

Miz's slippered feet pattered quickly down the hall, but it was too late. Another cramp seized Seth, and he was completely helpless to stop the flood. At least the mattress was protected, but what would Miz say?

He was about to find out. Miz was there, bucket in hand, and upon finding Seth had pissed himself, the color went from his face. He was scared. “I'm so sorry, Seth!” His voice was tight with fear. “I didn't mean to sleep so long, I'm sorry.”

Seth saw the Miz thought he would be punished. He didn't really want to punish Miz, though. Aside from his initial sass, he'd been a good houseboy. “It's not your fault, houseboy. I should've taken a piss before I passed out. I drank a lot of water today.”

“But how long were you calling me for?” Miz asked, nervously.

“Not long, and only three times. Don't worry about it.”

“Is there anything I can do?”

Seth sat up on the edge of the bed. “Yes. Strip and remake the bed. Just wipe down the mattress cover with soapy water. You'll find fresh fitted sheets in the upstairs hall closet. The rest of the bedding should be okay.”

“Do you want me to help you wash up?”

Seth lowered his wet shorts. “I can manage.” He smiled when he caught Miz looking at his cock with envy. He got on his crutches and went to the bathroom naked to wash up.

When he came back, Miz was washing down the mattress cover. He had laid out Seth's clothes on his night table, just like Seth used to do for Hunter. Miz had chosen for him gray cotton boxer briefs, black sweatpants with white ADIDAS stripes, and a black t-shirt. Seth traded the boxer briefs for a pair of Dean's tighty-whity briefs. He wanted to feel close to him. He finished getting dressed, and sighed.

“Is something wrong?” Miz asked, with alarm. He stopped making the bed and hurried to where Seth stood, staring at another picture on the wall, a group picture of 2014's main roster taken at the Christmas party. They had tried to drunkenly duplicate a publicity shot from earlier that year. Seth was sandwiched between his Shield brothers, mugging haughtily for the camera.

“I miss it,” Seth said, simply. “I've been so fortunate to do what I love, and now I can't do it anymore. It fucking sucks.” Depressed, he headed to the living room to drown his sorrows in video games.

In an hour or so, Miz appeared to tell him dinner was ready, and asked Seth if he wanted it brought in.

“No, I'll come to the kitchen,” Seth told him.

Miz had heated up the white chili in the microwave, and had already dished it up with a garnish of oyster crackers and shredded cheese. He'd remembered the cloth napkins and milk, too.

Seth sat down at the place with the glass of milk at it. Miz left an empty stool between them, and sat down, too. He was wearing the same preppy-metrosexual outfit from earlier, no more billowy silly pajamas. But, his dress pants were suspiciously tented.

Dean's white chili was delicious. Both Seth and Miz enjoyed seconds and thirds as they talked about Seth's injury and surgery, Miz's movies (which Seth had never seen), and pondered whether or not to watch RAW. Seth was surprised; Miz was turning out to not be such bad company after all, and when dinner was over, Miz surprised him with tiramisu custard, Murphy's flavor of the day.

“Thank you houseboy. Fine food, good conversation.” Seth complimented.

Miz blushed, modestly pleased, as he cleared the bowls and silverware, and loaded them into the dishwasher. “Well, I can't really take credit for the food.”

Seth smiled, and finished his third glass of water. He sat back, satisfied, hand on his full tummy. Suddenly, he realized his bladder was full, too. He hobbled as quickly as he could to the restroom, and succeeded in not pissing his pants this time. He'd never had the urge come over him so quickly before. The piss came in a huge, fast gush, as if his body wanted it out as quickly as possible, and it didn't seem like a lot, certainly not as much as he'd held previously, but the need had been very urgent.

“Are you okay?” Miz asked, when Seth returned.

Seth nodded, although he was slightly worried. Maybe the catheter given to him during his surgery, or his habit of holding on too long had given him a bladder infection. He had a follow up appointment Wednesday afternoon, he would mention it to Dr. Shu, unless it was better, or worse, by then. If it got worse, he'd have Miz take him to urgent care or the local ER.

Dean called just before RAW, and Miz politely excused himself and went upstairs to change into his pajamas. Seth told Dean what had happened, that he'd wet the bed, not Miz's fault. Dean was both turned on and concerned, more the latter when Seth told him about the close call after dinner, and his worries about a bladder infection. He assured Dean he'd have Miz take him to a doctor if it got worse. He wished Dean luck, and told him he'd be watching. They said their I-love-yous and hung up.

A few minutes later, Miz came back, wearing another pair of silk pajamas. Black, oriental-style, with a pattern of colorful dragons. Seth approved.

“I bought them when I was in Japan,” Miz said, and spun to allow Seth to admire his fine clothes. “Do you mind if I make popcorn?”

Seth smiled. “Only if you share.”

“Butter?”

“Of course. And light salt.”

Miz departed for the kitchen, and before long, the whole condo smelled snugly of popcorn.

Soon his houseboy reappeared with a big bowl and set it on the table between the two recliners. “Did you want something to drink?”

Seth wondered what would be least irritating to his bladder. “Water, I guess.”

Miz fetched a glass of water for Seth, and iced tea for himself. Seth wished he'd chosen iced tea, too, to hell with his bladder. Water usually calmed his bladder after he'd been drinking, so it might help now, too.

But, it didn't. Seth didn't even make it to the first commercial break before he had to rush to the bathroom. Again, he barely made it in time. When he was done, he looked at himself in the mirror above the sink. He didn't look sick, or feel feverish or tired. It didn't hurt when he pissed, he was just doing it way too much. Maybe it wasn't a bladder infection, maybe he'd strained it holding too long, or had eaten or drunk something that was irritating it. He went back out to the living room.

“Are you okay?” Miz asked, after Seth settled back in his recliner.

He might as well share with his houseboy what was up. “I'm pissing like crazy.” He was also blushing like crazy. “I feel okay otherwise, but I've...” He trailed off, and looked down, embarrassed. Miz had seen him have an accident in bed, after all.

Seth was surprised when Miz reached over and patted his hand. “Don't feel bad, you've just had surgery.”

“Yeah, on my knee, not my bladder.”

Miz chuckled a little. “True. But, if those vine videos are any indication, I'd say most adults have an accident from time to time... I did once.” His turn to blush, and look away. “It wasn't in bed, either, it was in public.”

Seth looked up, surprised. “I never heard anything about that.”

“It was like ten years ago. And, it wasn't my fault. I'm sure you've heard about...um...how everyone hated me and kicked me out of the locker room for awhile.”

Seth nodded, and remembered his own start in WWE, with FCW. Rather than the whole roster hating him, he'd hated the whole roster, and had come very close to being fired in his first week. If not for Hunter's intervention, he may very well have been.

“I was traveling with Benoit, Jericho, and some other guys, road trip to our next show, and it was a miserable trip from the start. They taunted me ruthlessly, wrote Dickeater on my forehead and drew cocks on my face with a Sharpie when I fell asleep, and when I really needed to use the restroom, they forced me to hold it. I begged Benoit to pull over, and even started crying at one point, which only made it worse for me.” Miz cleared his throat.

This time, it was Seth who reached out and touched Miz, on his arm, another gesture of comfort. He couldn't believe what Miz had gone through. He could have gone through the same thing had he not listened to Hunter ten years ago. “That's fucked up... I don't even know what to say,” Seth admitted.

“I've never told anyone about that road trip from hell before, not even Maryse. They did eventually have to stop for gas, but at that point, I was in so much pain I felt lightheaded and sick, and all my muscles were shaking, I was trying so hard to hold it, but I just couldn't get to the restroom. The moment I stepped through the door, my bladder just gave out. It was...like that scene from The Exorcist, a torrent of urine, and I had no control over it at all. I backed out of the shop, and walked around to the side of the building, still wetting myself. I sat down and buried my face in my hands as I kept wetting, because I couldn't bear to see if anyone was witnessing what was happening to me. I stayed that way for awhile after I was done, but I knew I had to go back to the car.”

Seth gave him a gentle smile. “Yes, the show must go on.”

Miz nodded. “They ragged the shit out of me, of course. Benoit laughed so hard he threw up. They thought I ought to stay in my wet pants for the rest of the journey, but Jericho kind of stood up for me. He said they were taking it a little too far, and that he didn't want to smell my piss for the next two and a half hours. He gave me my bag from the trunk. After that, things got a little better, I was still banned from the locker room, but nothing like that ever happened again, and no one ever brought it up again.”

Seth could feel his houseboy's lingering pain, even a decade later. He wanted to be a good Master; he did not want Miz to fear him, just respect him. He stroked his houseboy's hair, neck, shoulder, and arm gently. He no longer cared about RAW; Dean's first appearance was over.

Miz took Master's caressing hand, and kissed it softly. He tried to gauge Seth's desires and intentions, but Seth seemed distracted.

He was. He needed to piss, again. He was really getting tired of going to the restroom. He wondered if he could just wait, get beyond the urgency, and it wouldn't be so bad. He let his houseboy kiss and suck his fingers, and tried to fight the urge.

Miz picked up Seth's discomfort. “Are you okay? Does your knee hurt?”

“I could use some Tylenol,” Seth admitted.

Miz rose. “I'll get you some. More water?”

“I think I'll have iced tea this time.”

“Okay, I'll be right back.”

While Miz was busy in the kitchen, Seth tried to find a more comfortable position. His desperation was coming in waves, and Seth rode them out by holding himself and rocking back and forth. He really should go to the restroom, now. Miz returned to find him squirming. He swiftly set down the iced tea and pills.

“Do you want me to help you to the restroom?”

Seth blushed because his houseboy had caught him acting juvenile. Although he knew he could have benefited from Miz's help, Seth told him that he thought he could make it, and got on his crutches. Halfway through the kitchen, another wave of desperation seized him, and he froze, muscles clenched so tight he quivered. Despite his efforts, he was leaking, the crotch of Dean's briefs was soaking wet and warm. He hurried the rest of the way to the toilet, feeling hot piss drip and stream down his legs. He threw a crutch down, and yanked down his sweats, and Dean's briefs. There was only a little dribble of piss left in him by the time he was able to piss properly.

He closed the toilet lid and sat down. He pulled off the wet clothes, and used them to clean up the puddle on the floor in front of the toilet. Miz came in, his face full of sympathy.

“I'll bring you some fresh clothes. And don't you worry about the floor, I'll take care of it.”

Seth washed up. Even though his houseboy hadn't been anything but sweet and sympathetic, he couldn't believe he'd had yet another accident in front of him; he was humiliated. Miz came back with Clorox wipes and the clothes; another pair of sweats, gray Nike ones this time, and another pair of Dean's briefs. Seth was touched Miz had noticed that detail, that he'd taken to wearing Dean's briefs, and he smiled a little. He got dressed while his houseboy wiped up the floor, and rinsed Seth's clothes in the shower.

“The floor is a little slippery, let me help you back to the living room.” Miz took one of Seth's crutches, and replaced it with his shoulder. He wrapped his arm around Seth's waist. “If you fell, Dean would probably kill me. And, I don't know about you, but I don't want to spend the night in the hospital.”

“Um, we might need to go, anyway,” Seth finally said, as Miz settled him in his recliner.

Miz looked at Seth with alarm. “Your knee?”

“My bladder. Something's wrong. I've never had that kind of thing happen to me before.”

“I'll go get dressed. We'll go right away.” Miz dashed upstairs.

*010*2016-10-15 02:34

Chapter 10 – Sir

Seth worried he would piss himself on the way to the hospital, even though they were going to the local one, not the one in Chicago, where he'd had his surgery, but he didn't. He had to ask Miz to pull over once, so he could open up his door and write his name in the fallen snow, but he made it the rest of the way to the hospital without incident. Miz dropped him off in front of the ER, and went to park the car. Seth went inside, and up to the front desk. Thankfully, the ER wasn't busy, but the two nurses at the front desk were women, and Seth had to struggle through embarrassment to tell them he thought he had a bladder infection from a catheter during his recent surgery.

Because of his recent surgery, he was wristbanded and taken behind the desk into the triage area right away, and the younger of the two nurses, a redhead who introduced herself as Jewel, took Seth's temperature, blood pressure, pulse, and listened to his heartbeat. She sat down at a computer and began typing as she asked him questions about his surgery, and how his knee had been feeling since, any other operations he'd had, prescriptions or over the counter medications he took, drug/alcohol/tobacco use... Seth needed to pee yet again, and they hadn't even discussed the reason for his visit tonight. But, he just kept on answering questions.

“And let's see...” Jewel looked at the computer as she scrolled with the mouse. “You're here tonight because you think you may have a bladder infection?”

Seth nodded, and blushed. “Yeah.”

“What kind of symptoms have you been having?”

“I have to go urgently, and often.”

“When did this start?” Keys clicking.

“Just after lunch today.” Seth's bladder cramped, and he helplessly winced.

“How often have you been needing to urinate?”

“At least once an hour, but since dinner, even more. The urges are terrible, I actually need to go now, like right now.”

Nurse Jewel opened a drawer. “We're going to need a urine sample.” She slapped a sticker on to a specimen cup and handed it to Seth with a cleansing wipe. “Restroom is just out the curtains and around the corner. Just leave the cup in the cabinet.”

Seth went around the corner, and found the restroom locked, occupied. Oh, fuck. He used a crutch to bang on the door. He felt dangerously close to pissing himself, for the third time in one day. He knocked again, helplessly frantic. “Come on! This is an emergency!”

A male nurse at the nurse's station noticed him. “Sir? There's another restroom down the hall.”

All the way down the hall... Seth began to make his way there, past curtain areas, and he began to leak. He dropped the sample cup and a crutch with a clatter, and grabbed for his disobedient cock, but it was no use. He could do nothing to stop the piss from pouring into Dean's briefs, and running down his legs. “Oh, fuck ME!” He couldn't believe he'd pissed himself in the damn hospital.

Nurse Jewel and the male nurse from the station were there in moments. Seth couldn't even look at them. He was standing in a puddle of piss with telltale dark stripes on his gray sweats. It was worse than having an accident in front of Miz, and Seth wished the floor would open up and swallow him. But, floors never did that. “I'm sorry.”

“It's okay, let's get you to a bed.” The male nurse settled him in a wheelchair. Nurse Jewel gave him his coat, which Seth spread across his lap, and picked up his crutches. Seth was carefully wheeled into a private room rather than a curtain area.

“I've got him, thanks, Jewel,” the male nurse said.

“Thanks, Shane. Hope you feel better soon, Seth.” Nurse Jewel smiled and waved as she left, closing the door behind her.

“I'm Shane, I'll be your ER nurse tonight. I'll get you a gown, and something to wash up with. We'll see what we can find for you to wear home.”

“I have...a friend here. He drove me. He can bring me something from home. He's probably in the waiting area. He gave nurse Shane Miz's name and a brief description.

Nurse Shane left and returned a short while later with a hospital gown and some warmed bed bath wipes. “Your friend is going to bring you some clothes and shoes,” he told Seth, as Seth cleaned up. He gathered Seth's wet shoes, socks, sweats, and Dean-briefs and put them in a white plastic bag, with his skater shoes on top of the pile. He pulled the drawstring closed, and put another sticker on it. Seth felt like a kindergartner who had an accident in class.

Nurse Shane tied Seth's gown for him, and helped him get comfortable. He showed him how to work the TV remote and call button. “We still need a urine sample from you, so I'll bring you some water to speed up the process. Is there anything else you need?”

“No thanks.” Seth said, and turned on the TV to continue watching RAW.

His nurse returned with two foam cups of ice water and set them on his bed table. “I'll come by and check on you in less than an hour,” he promised. “If you need anything before then, just press the call button. We do have a medical student here tonight, he may be involved in your care. He won't be your doctor tonight, he would just take your history and stats, like the nurse in triage did, but if you'd prefer not to see him, that's fine.”

“No, it's okay, I'm all for science.” Seth almost smiled, then remembered what he'd done. “I'm sorry about the mess. I can't believe I did that.”

“Don't worry about it, it wasn't your fault. As far as accidents go around here, yours was minor. I know it may not feel that way to you, and I vow not to let it happen again under my watch.” Nurse Shane smiled, and Seth was able to join in.

“So relax, have some water, and if you need the restroom before you see me again, call me.”

“Okay.” A renegade anti-smoking ad came on, and Seth sucked down the water, which was really more ice than water, through a bendy straw that made him think of childhood birthday parties and cookouts. Fond memories of Gram's German potato salad, fried chicken, and the traditional chocolate cake with white frosting. It had been too long since he'd seen most of his family, too long since he'd really had a break. Was his injury a blessing in disguise?

Just before every ligament in his knee ripped apart, Seth was miserable. He had been doing nothing for months besides busting his ass in the ring every night, and living as the slave of Hunter and Stephanie after the lights went down and the crowds went home. His Master and Mistress abused him and degraded him, no matter what Seth tried to do to make them happy, it was never enough. He was exhausted, to the point he felt half-sick most of the time. He had fallen deeply for Dean, and due to Hunter and Stephanie controlling every aspect of his life, couldn't be with him until he dropped the title. He was almost completely used up, when he saw himself in taped footage, he looked frazzled.

But then, his knee went away, and all of that did, too. As he lay in bed in an Irish hospital, still reeling from the doctors' diagnosis, his owners came in and relieved him of his slave contract, along with his title. Seth had begun sobbing helplessly, Hunter had looked down at him with disgust and shook his head. It wasn't just the loss of his title, the gravity of the entire situation had hit him full force at that point. Hunter and Stephanie had walked out, and Seth cried alone in the dark, his chest and throat aching as he tried not to make any sound.

Presently, a knock on the door of his room in a Davenport ER, and a very young ginger guy stepped in. “Good evening, Mr. Rollins, I'm Simon Marsh, and I'm a medical student. Do you mind if I ask you some questions and take a look at you?”

“Have at it. And you can call me Seth.”

For the second time that night, Seth had his vitals taken, and answered the same health background questions. Simon pulled down Seth's blankets, and looked at the healing incisions from his surgery. “Looks good,” he told Seth. “How have you been feeling post-op?”

“There's been pain, but nothing I can't handle. I haven't taken anything but Tylenol since I've been home, three or four, but only if I really need them. I've been doing my rehab exercises three times a day, and I have a follow up appointment on Wednesday afternoon with my surgeon. Everything was going just great until I wet the bed this afternoon.”

“Have you ever struggled with incontinence before?”

“Not until today. Three times! Including here!” Seth replied, bitterly.

“Any pain or burning?”

“No, just a lot of urgency. Every time I need to go, it's an emergency. And, I need to go again.”

“I'll get your nurse,” Simon told him, and stepped out.

Nurse Shane came quickly, with a plastic-wrapped urinal. “Are you okay just going here? I'd be happy to help you to the restroom, but I figured this might be easier.”

Seth agreed. “Yeah, I don't want to piss myself on the way to the restroom again.”

Nurse Shane handed him a cleansing wipe for the tip of his cock. “I don't want that either, because then I'd be breaking my promise.” He traded the used wipe for the urinal. “Did you want me to step out and give you some privacy?”

“Nah, I'm not shy. And even if I was-” Seth sighed with relief “-I think the urgency would override that.” He handed the urinal back to his nurse. Not much in there for how badly he'd needed to go.

The nurse noted the amount, then poured some off into a sample cup. As he headed out to deliver the sample, Seth heard him apologize to someone, and laugh a little.

“Seth?” Miz stood shyly in the doorway.

“Come in,” Seth called.

Looking shy or nervous, his houseboy entered with a plastic shopping bag. “I brought you some clothes and shoes.” He set the bag down on one of the two empty chairs beside Seth's bed. “How are you feeling?”

“Embarrassed,” Seth replied. “RAW is still on.”

Miz took off his coat and sat down in the other chair. Together, they were only vaguely tuned in to the show. During the main event, a doctor came in with his test results. There was no blood, pus, or bacteria in his urine. The negative results, coupled with his lack of other symptoms, meant he did not have a bladder infection. More likely, his bladder was merely irritated by something he'd had to eat or drink. They gave him a list of foods and drinks to avoid, and told him to follow up with his doctor if things hadn't improved in a few days.

Nurse Shane returned with his discharge papers, and the urinal Seth had used, for his “convenience at home and in the car”. Dean called while Miz was bringing Seth's car around, and Seth told him about the ER visit, and how it had really revealed nothing. Dean seemed somewhat relieved, and Seth continued to reassure him he would be just fine, even as Miz helped him into the car. Wednesday morning seemed like a year away, but really, he only had to get through two more nights and one more day without his boyfriend.

“I'm going to sleep as much as I can while I'm in the air,” Dean said, “so I can spend some time with you before we have to go to your appointment.”

“Oh, honey, if you need to crash out right away when you get here, it's okay. We have all the time in the world.”

“Oh, Seth...” Dean got mushy.

“I love you and I'll see you soon.”

Upon arriving back home, Seth was feeling tired. He grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and headed to the guest room. He stripped off his sweats and t-shirt and laid down in Dean's briefs. He hadn't noticed while he'd been hurriedly dressing in the hospital, but this pair was old, washed thin, and stained with either piss or cum. Seth's cock grew hard, demanding. He squeezed and stroked himself through the briefs and moaned.

He longed to send Dean a pic, but due to his scandal earlier in the year, he didn't dare. Instead, he pulled out his big, sexy cock and began to jack off, remembering the night he'd run to Dean's hotel room just so Dean could piss on him. Dean had already pissed his briefs a little before Seth could get there, and... Seth realized the briefs he was wearing right then could be the very same pair. Dean had straddled him, but couldn't get himself out of the briefs before he started pissing. Seth had taken the wet briefs with him, hid them under his pillow, and early the next morning, when he'd woke up hard, he'd wrapped them around himself and shot his load into them. He'd washed them when he got back to the McMahonsion, and even though they were stained, he'd returned them to Dean before a house show.

Seth forced himself to slow the pace of his self-pleasuring, to prolong the ecstasy. He let go of his tingling cock, and panted. Soft knocks on the door. Miz again. “Seth?”

“Five... No, ten minutes,” Seth replied, breathlessly. He wondered if his houseboy knew what he was doing. The thought excited him, and his cock twitched. He took it back into his hand, and precum seeped out. Seth whimpered. Maybe his houseboy was standing right outside, ear pressed tight to the door. Seth cried out louder. He wanted to cum; hell, he needed to cum, but, oh, it felt so good he didn't want it to end. He was so turned on; he had cum in these briefs before, after Dean had wet them, he was about to cum in them again, and his houseboy was potentially listening to him jack off.

He couldn't hold it back any longer. “Mmmmmpf!” He jacked himself frantically, and the pleasure exploded. Cum spurted from his cock, and seeped through the old briefs. “Oh, fuck yeah...” Spent, Seth laid back and closed his eyes. He didn't realize he'd dozed off until Miz came in.

“Seth? Are you okay?”

Startled, Seth bolted up in bed, and a sharp pain bolted through his knee. His cummy briefs were cold and his bladder was full. The combination of the three made him shudder and wince.

Miz, who was wearing those ridiculous renfaire pjs again, looked embarrassed. “I'm so sorry, Seth-”

“Don't be,” Seth told him. “You apologize for what you don't have to.”

“But, I came upon after you...after...um...”

Seth smiled. “We all jack off, Miz.”

Miz smiled, too. “That's true, good point.”

Seth got on his crutches. “I'm going to wash up.”

“Want help?” Miz asked, and Seth thought he detected an eager note in his houseboy's voice.

“Nah, I'm good. But can you bring me four Tylenol and a cup of warm milk?”

“Of course.”

Miz left to do his bidding, and Seth headed to the restroom. To his relief, his bladder seemed to be acting normal. Even though it was quite full, there was no desperate urgency, no cramps. He cleaned off the congealed cum with a washcloth and regretted not sharing the moment with Dean. He should really hold off until Dean was home.

Miz had straightened the bedding and placed the mug of microwaved milk and pills on Seth's night table. The air smelled of lavender night time Febreze, meant to be soothing and ease sleep. Seth hoped he hadn't sprayed Dean's pillow.

“I wasn't sure what you wore to bed, or I would have laid out something for you.” Miz told him.

Seth usually slept nude, but didn't feel like sharing that with his houseboy, though his houseboy had already seen him in all his naked glory several times today alone. Hell, the whole world had seen him naked, and he was naked now. But, he grabbed a pair of gray boxer briefs with maroon trim from his dresser and pulled them on. “Usually just my drawers,” he told his houseboy.

He noticed Miz looked uncomfortable and embarrassed again. Blushing, nervous. Seth was reminded of high school, Miz had transformed into a bumbling boy trying to ask the most popular girl in class to the freshman dance. “Is there something you'd like to ask me, houseboy?” Seth asked, with just a small twist of flirt, as he settled back in bed.

“Um, yes. I was thinking maybe I...um... Well, you might need something in the middle of the night, and I probably won't hear you when I'm asleep upstairs. I was thinking...um...maybe I should stay down here. Like, um, just in case.” Miz finished. His face was so red Seth thought he would have a stroke.

Seth was also amused. Seems his houseboy had grown attached to him. He spotted the source of Miz's discomfort, a wet-spotted bulge in the crotch of his pj bottoms that he tried to hide with the top. But the material was so thin the precum just soaked through both layers of silk. Seth was inspired.

“I think that's a wonderful idea, houseboy,” he began, and Miz looked up in surprise. “But first, go upstairs, change those dirty pajamas, and take care of yourself.” He looked pointedly at the hard-on Miz was trying so hard to conceal.

“Yes, Sir,” Miz replied and hurried away.

Seth sipped his milk, pleased with himself. His houseboy had finally called him “Sir”. In the course of a day, he'd figured out how to become dominant over Miz, and now had him in his place.

Miz returned with another mug of warm milk. He'd changed his pjs for tight, black boxer briefs, and he wore them well. He'd apparently taken care of the other problem Seth had ordered him to address, as well. He was much more at ease.

“Gather anything I might need during the night, like the Tylenol and an extra bottle of water,” Seth instructed.

“Yes, Sir. Do you want the pain pills, too?”

Seth's knee had been troubling him, a constant throb, but he could handle it. “Just the Tylenol. And, bring your own pillow.”

“Yes, Sir.”

Seth moved Dean's pillow over to his side of the bed, and buried his face in it. The smell of Dean's cologne was still there, barely. Miz returned with more items, and climbed into bed beside Seth. “Is there anything else you need, Sir?”

Seth shook his head. “No, Miz. Thank you for your help today.” He clicked off the bedside lamp.

Miz smiled in the dark. “You're welcome, Sir. Thank you for allowing me to serve you.”

Seth tousled his houseboy's hair the same way Hunter had tousled his on the rare occasions he'd felt affection for Seth. “Good night, Miz.”

“Good night, Sir.”

Seth couldn't sleep. Miz wasn't Dean, and lying beside him, it was more obvious than ever. He smelled different, and his rhythm of breathing wasn't the same. Seth wondered what Dean was doing now; the night was still young on the West coast. He held the pillow tight, trying to find comfort in Dean's scent, but all it did was remind him Dean wasn't there. Sleep had not come easy yesterday, it was not coming easy tonight, and he still had one more night like this one to go through...just great.

Miz was keenly aware of his Master's restlessness. He sat up in bed and turned towards Seth. “Can't sleep, Sir?”

Seth shook his head. “I miss Dean.”

Miz's hands sought to comfort; he gently stroked Seth's neck and shoulders. “I know, Sir. It's very hard to be away from those we love.”

Seth nodded in agreement. “It's hardest at night.”

“Do you want me to make you some Sleepytime Tea?”

“Nah, tea is on the Seth-can't-have-it list.”

“Let me try something else then,” Miz said. “Relax. Close your eyes.”

Seth put his trust in his houseboy, and soon he felt hands tenderly touching him, fingertips in his hair, massaging his scalp. It was heaven. Strong arms spooned him, and Seth was lulled into a deep sleep.

His bladder woke him, and Seth was dismayed that it was only two hours later, and that the urgency had returned; he felt like he would wet the bed. Miz was snuggled close beside him, and to Seth's surprise, he was sucking his thumb, it was adorable. He hated to wake him, but he needed something to piss in, he'd only end up pissing himself again if he tried to get to the restroom.

He nudged his houseboy. “Miz?”

“Mhmm...” He sat up and rubbed his eyes. “Sir?”

“I need to piss.”

Miz reached under the bed, and produced the urinal. Seth immediately grabbed it, and pissed into it violently. Relieved, he handed it back, and felt his drawers for wet spots. “Keep it close, I'll probably need it again.”

“Yes, Sir. I'm just going to rinse it out. Need anything while I'm up?”

“No thank you.” Seth replied, absently. He was busy connecting dots, and by the time Miz came back to bed, he had it. “Dairy!”

“Sir?”

“I think dairy products might be what's irritating my bladder. They never have before, but it makes sense. I was fine until I had that malt, then I started having problems every time I drank milk. Maybe I've developed an allergy.”

“Maybe,” Miz mused. “We'll avoid dairy tomorrow and see if that makes a difference, Sir.”

“Oh, I should probably tell you I'm a coffee drinker, with half and half... Well, I guess I can't have half and half.”

“I'll get up early tomorrow and run to the store for Coffeemate, Sir,” Miz promised. “Do you take breakfast in bed?”

“Dean does it for me, but I don't expect you to.”

“I don't mind.”

“It's not necessary. I can come to the kitchen.”

“Anything special you'd like?”

“I just play it by gut when I wake up.”

“Got it, Sir.”

Seth stifled a yawn. “We should go back to sleep.”

“Did you want me to hold you again?”

“Yeah, even though it's wrong. I'm supposed to be the dominant one here.” He chuckled a little.

“You are the dominant one, Sir.” Miz assured him, and spooned around him.

Seth slept for nearly three hours before his bladder again demanded to be emptied. Since Miz had left the necessary on Seth's night table, he was able to deal with it wihtout waking his houseboy, but he awoke anyway. He left to empty the urinal, and Seth fell back to sleep before his houseboy returned to bed.

*011*2017-01-01 23:48

Chapter 11 – After the Show

Dean was still upset after RAW, so Roman talked him into going out with him and his cousins. Normally, Roman didn't party on Mondays, so Dean knew he was going just for him. He recognized the nice gesture, but he was too homesick to care. He missed Seth more than ever, and drank too much.

Roman was worried; Dean was not his usual outgoing, sometimes annoying, self. Instead he was subdued, quiet, almost not even there. Someone spilled their drink on the table; Dean dipped his finger in it and drew wet SR's on the sticky surface. “Want to play doubles?” Roman gestured at the pool table, where the twins had a game going.

Dean sighed. “I have to pee,” he said, flatly. He hadn't gone since he started drinking, not wanting to break the seal, but he could no longer ignore it, not even in his depressed state. He left the table, and found a long line for the men's room. He'd have to hold it awhile longer, he had no choice. Unrelieved, he headed back to the table. He sat back down across from Roman, and loosened his belt to make room for his swollen, almost painful bladder. Roman had bought another round of shots and beer chasers, in hopes of pulling Dean out of his doldrums.

Although he knew it wasn't a good idea, Dean lifted his glass along with the others, and downed his shot and beer. Jey beat him slamming the shot glass down, but he got his beer down before anyone else did. Now, he really needed to pee; if he waited any longer, he'd probably end up doing it in his pants. “Excuse me,” he nudged Jey beside him.

“Damn bro, already?” Roman teased.

“I didn't get to go before,” Dean admitted testily, and took off to wait in line. He became the ninth guy, and Jey, who Dean hadn't noticed following him, the tenth guy, in a queue of guys who were also more or less showing their desperation and impatience.

“You don't seem like yourself tonight, bro,” Jey commented, as the line shuffled forward.

Dean shrugged, then winced and hunched over a little as his bladder cramped. “I really need to pee,” he replied tightly, and shifted his weight from foot to foot. He began to worry he wouldn't be able to hold it.

Jey chuckled. “No, like something's bothering you.”

He touched Dean's shoulder, and Dean was reminded of Roman touching his shoulder on the plane, just before he wet his pants. His bladder cramped violently, and Dean had to hold his cock to keep from pissing himself. It was painful. “Ow, fuck!” His skin tingled, and he knew he was going to wet himself, uncontrollably, and the only thing he could do was damage control. He left the hopeless line and went back to the booth. Jimmy and Roman had left it and were at the pool table. Relief! He could pee on the floor, and no one would notice!

Dean sat down, and started pissing before he could get his pants undone. He couldn't stop it, he needed to go so bad. By the time he got his cock freed and gushing all over the floor, he was pretty much soaked. It would have been hot if Seth had been with him, but Seth wasn't there, so Dean was just sad, paranoid, and embarrassed.

Roman noticed a stream running out from under their booth and hurried over. It didn't take him a nanosecond to figure out what Dean was doing. “Dean! What the fuck?”

Dean sniffled. He was crying now.

“Stop it!” Roman ordered.

“I can't.”

“Oh, Dean...” Roman shook his head, in pity and scolding.

“I peed my pants, too,” Dean admitted. The torrent of piss had finally stopped. He put himself back in his wet jeans and briefs and buried his head in his folded arms on the table.

“We need to go,” Roman told Jimmy. “Now.”

“Right now?” Jimmy asked, and Roman nodded urgently. “Why, what's up?”

“Dean pissed in the booth.”

“Oh, shit...” Jimmy laughed, but recognized they must leave before anyone found out. He went to get Jey.

Roman gave Dean his long leather coat, to help him make a discrete exit. “I feel like Undertaker in this thing,” he mumbled, no playfulness in his voice.

“I don't think Taker ever pissed himself in a club,” Roman teased, hoping for a smile, or any reaction at all, but nothing. He unlocked the trunk and retrieved Dean's suitcase from the trunk. While Dean changed in the car, Roman said good bye and safe travels to his cousins.

As Dean pulled on dry clothes, a few tears fell from his eyes. He wanted to call Seth, just to hear his voice, but it was too late, Seth would be in bed. Would Miz be there, too? What a shitty thought. Dean opened the car door, leaned out, and threw up.

At a gas station, he asked Roman to get him a bottle of water. Roman didn't tease him about coffee, but when he went inside, they had a couple of pots up, and he took it as a sign. He bought both of them a coffee, and two waters. He also bought Excedrin Migraine and Pepto Bismol to treat the hangover Dean would be sure to have tomorrow. Maybe he'd have one, too. Being the drivers, neither he nor Jimmy had drunk much. He thought he'd had enough water, but sometimes he was caught by surprise, waking up with his head in a vice grip.

When Roman appeared and tapped on his window, Dean couldn't help but smile. Roman had bought him a coffee. He unrolled the window and grabbed it.

“Finally,” Roman declared. “He lives!”

Dean nodded. “Thank you.” He sipped the coffee.

“Want to talk about what's bothering you?” Roman asked, as he guided them back towards the highway.

“Yeah, if you don't mind. I need to put it out there, vent,” Dean admitted. “ I hate that the fucking Miz is with Seth right now and not me. I know it's business, but I'm jealous just the same.”

“Completely understandable,” Roman said, and patted Dean's leg.

“And Seth's sick right now, so I really want to be there to make it all better, it's killing me being away from him.”

“Seth's sick?”

“He thought he had a bladder infection from his cath during surgery, and the fucking Miz took him to the emergency room in Davenport, but they didn't find anything wrong with him, and believed his bladder was just irritated by something he'd had to eat or drink.”

Roman nodded. “Yeah, or he could have strained it. He does tend to hold it too long.”

“Especially when he's gaming, which he's probably been doing a lot of.”

Roman smiled at Dean. “At this time tomorrow, you'll be on your way back to him. I'll be on my way to a house show in Reno. Lucky you, no house shows.”

“I can't wait, it feels like forever,” Dean said wistfully. “I've never felt so strongly about someone before. Seth is....I don't even know to word it right, everything that comes to mind would fall short of what he means to me.”

“I know.” Roman caressed Dean's leg again.

“Back in developmental, back when we were the Shield-”

“Were?” Roman asked, and raised a brow.

Dean chuckled. “Okay, we're still the Shield, Shield brothers forever. But back when we were in FCW, I never would have believed he'd come to be the love of my life. It's amazing, it really is.” He sighed happily.

“You're glowing,” Roman commented. It was true, Dean had never looked better. There was a magic one cast when they were in love.

“And bursting,” Dean added, and wiggled. “Can we stop soon? I broke the seal.”

“Why didn't you go at the gas station?” Roman asked. And, why didn't I? He wondered. His bladder was throbbing.

“I didn't have to go then.”

“Neither did I. But I do now.”

“Then let's stop.”

Roman thought. “How about this? We wait. If I piss myself before you do, I'll stop.”

Dean grinned. This was sure to be interesting, no matter who pissed himself first. “Sounds good to me.”

“Good. Finish your coffee.”

“Oh, but then I'll really need to pee,” Dean replied, in mock terror. He finished his coffee. So did Roman. He handed Dean a bottle of water. Dean laughed. “I'll have to loosen my belt!”

Roman had already loosened his. He had a feeling he was probably going to lose the holding contest, if Dean hadn't undone his jeans yet. He really should have used the restroom at the gas station. The last time he'd gone was at the club, but that had been hours ago. Being Dean's designated driver, Roman hadn't had much alcohol to drink, but he had had a lot of water. Usually, he wouldn't doubt his ability to outlast Dean, but he was very near his limit. And, he knew that if Dean found out, he would only make it harder for Roman to hold it.

“You haven't opened your water bottle,” Dean remarked.

Roman opened it, took a few swallows, and regretted it almost immediately. His bladder cramped, and he gripped the steering wheel hard. He wanted to be discrete, but the piss really wanted out. He shifted a little in the seat, but it didn't help; he had to do everything he could to hold it. He grabbed his semi-hard cock.

Dean noticed, of course. “Don't go chasin' waterfalls,” he teased.

Roman couldn't help but laugh, despite the situation he was in. “Fuck, that hurts.”

Dean smiled sassily. “I know. Hard not to just let it go, isn't it?”

Roman's bladder cramped again. “Grrrrr...” He squirmed in the seat.

“Can you drive in your condition?” Dean asked, seriously.

Roman realized his focus was hardly on the road, his driving was beginning to suffer. He wasn't going to be any less distracted until he took care of his awful need to piss. He couldn't handle the thought of losing a holding contest to Dean, who'd pissed himself multiple times since they'd hit the road on Sunday morning. He didn't see why Dean didn't just piss himself again, he had looked pretty desperate when he'd first asked Roman to stop.

Beside him, Dean made a brief whimpering noise Roman had heard before. He looked over to see Dean hurriedly undoing his belt and jeans so he could hold himself. “Oh, fuck, Roman, I really gotta go! My bladder feels like it's going to just burst, and I can feel the piss burning in my cock and-”

“Fuck! Shut up, Dean!” Roman snapped. It was over. He couldn't handle it any longer, despite all of his efforts, he was losing control, spurting. He felt hot wetness beneath his hand. He turned on the lights so Dean could see, and quit fighting it. The relief was so great he didn't even care he was doing it in his pants while driving a rental car. Dean watched and groped as the wet spot on Roman's jeans spread across his lap, down his legs, and up his jersey. Piss pooled between his legs and ran off the seat, even though Dean tried to splash it back on to his crotch, there was just too much of it. Roman's driving improved as his bladder emptied, which took forever.

“Roman! A rest area!” Dean exclaimed, and pointed, too late.

Roman shook his head. “I'm sorry, bro.”

Dean bit his lips. “Fuck! I'm about to piss myself, again!”

“Poor Dean,” Roman said tenderly, and stroked his hair. “You really have to go, don't you?”

Dean nodded. “Uh-huh.”

“We don't need two wet seats in this car. Since mine's already soaked, you can just go on me.”

“Damn, Roman, that's hot!” Dean knelt up on the seat and faced his Shield brother. “Ready?”

Roman freed his now fully-erect cock from the confines of his boxer briefs. “Now I am.”

Dean sighed with relief as he peed all over Roman. Roman groaned with approval, and began to jack off. Dean closed his eyes on the sight, but he couldn't go deaf to Roman's play sounds, and he willed his cock not to get fully hard before his bladder was fully empty. But, it had been too long since he'd been able to play, and the nice, relieving stream stopped.

“Damn it.” Dean looked down at his swollen cock in frustration.

“What's up?” Roman asked.

Dean pointed. “Me. And that's a problem. I'm too hard to piss, and I didn't get to finish.”

“We'll stop soon and take care of that.” Roman looked down at his wet clothes and raging hard-on. “You'll have to go in and get the room, though.”

“Okay,” Dean said.

“Even though I know we should just keep going until we get to Portland, I think we could both use a little playtime, and some sleep.”

“Agreed. Though I think maybe I should hold off on cumming, for Seth.”

“How are you going to get rid of this is you don't cum?” Roman asked, and stroked the bulge in Dean's pants.

Dean sighed. “Oh Roman, you shouldn't do that.”

But Roman continued to squeeze, and stroke. “You'll be a mess at Smackdown.”

“I won't be able to pee, either.” Dean giggled. “Come on, Roman, please don't tease.”

“I'm not teasing. This is...foreplay.”

“If it's foreplay, let me make it easier for you.” Dean freed his hard cock.

Roman stroked it. “I'm rethinking, though... We should try to get to Portland tonight. I don't want to get up early, or pay for rooms at two different places. I don't want to drive almost two hours with a hangover, either.”

“Good point. Will you still stop so I can pee?” Dean wanted to know.

“Oh, yeah. Sorry, I forgot you still needed to go.”

“You should probably stop playing. I feel like I'm going to either piss or cum, and I'm not sure which.”

Roman stopped. “Either way, we don't need that in this rental car.”

Dean put his cock away. “Especially after what you did in your seat.”

They laughed together. “You could always finish on me,” Roman added.

“I'd only end up getting hard again. I want it all out of me.” Dean fidgeted. “Seth can do both at once. He calls it a pissgasm.”

Roman looked at Dean and raised a curious eyebrow.

“It's really hot,” Dean gushed, his eyes aglow with his love and adoration for his boyfriend. “I don't know how he does it. He said it was an accident the first time. He did it on Friday night, too.”

“I wonder how he does it. When I really need to go, I lose my erection. I can't cum.”

Dean nodded. “Same here. I can stay half-hard. But, I saw Seth's rock hard cock spurting piss and cum. Mmmmpf, that was so fucking hot.”

Roman smiled, and squeezed his own hard on. He wanted to cum.

Dean wanted to do both, piss and cum, but he knew he couldn't do it like Seth had. Seth probably wouldn't be squirming around like Dean was right now, either. “You know, for being the smallest guy in the Shield, Seth has the biggest bladder. When he was in the hospital, he pissed almost a liter and a half!”

“Whoa, that had to hurt.”

“Yes, he was clearly in a lot of pain from it. The pain medication he was on left him unable to pee for awhile. I helped him by holding him around the waist and pressing down in his bladder; his bladder was literally bulging like he was pregnant. He was crying, but I think it was from a combination of pain and the situation itself,” Dean said.

“I inadvertently made him wet himself during RAW a few years ago. I felt terrible about it,” Roman confessed. “We were on our way to do our entrance, and we both needed to piss, and I shoved him out of the way and got to the restroom first. There wasn't enough time for Seth to go, too. He pleaded with the crew to let him go to the men's room, but they told him no every time; he asked more than once. I really felt awful that I'd put him in that situation; I had no idea how badly he had to piss. Beth the bitch told him he could either wait until the match was over, go under the ring, or go in his pants.”

“Yeah, she would say that. Seth never told me about this.”

“I don't think he considers it the greatest moment of his career.” Roman laughed. “You were there, actually, in the match before ours. Seth went under the ring right after our entrance, but-”

“Oh yeah! I remember now! I was about to go sneak a piss under there myself, fuck I had to go so bad, under the guise of grabbing a folding chair to sit ringside in. Oh, I was not happy with him right then.”

“He told me just before the match started that he'd only been able to piss a little under the ring, but that he could function. I could tell he still really needed to go, though.”

“So did I; I never wanted a match to be over so badly in my life, and considering some of the crazy matches I've had, that's saying a lot,” Dean quipped.

“Well, it turned out your boyfriend took the third option, too. He froze on the entrance ramp, I don't know if that's when he pissed himself, or if he was just trying hard not to, but I walked with him to the locker room; you and my cuzes were in the shower, and Seth went directly to the toilets. In a few minutes, he came back naked, all his stuff folded into his vest. He accidentally dropped it, and everything came apart, his drawers were obviously wet. I heard someone coming, turned out to be Jimmy, and I just threw Seth's clothes into my locker. The pants were wet, kind of heavy, actually. At least they were black, which hid it from sight. He was very embarrassed that I'd found out he'd had an accident, but grateful that my quick actions had prevented anyone else from finding out. He didn't elaborate on it, and never brought it up again.” Roman finished.

“Oh, my poor guy. Can we stop soon?” Dean asked, hopefully.

“I don't want to pull over on the highway. I've been on the lookout for side roads; I'll stop as soon as I can,” Roman promised.

Dean fidgeted. “I just thought of something real funny. Imagine if we'd had the Ride Along cameras in here.”

Roman looked down at his soaked clothes and laughed. “That would have been quite the episode.”

“Bro, I really can't hold this piss any longer,” Dean warned. “I'm about to make a puddle in my seat.”

“Hold it, Dean, please.” Up ahead, an intersection, flashing red and yellow lights. A small town, asleep for the night.

“I'm trying!” Dean moaned.

Roman turned right on what the sign told him was County Q, and into the lot of a mechanic's shop. He pulled around back, and Dean scrambled out to piss beside the car. To Roman, sounded like a horse pissing; he'd really pushed Dean to his limits.

“All better,” Dean reported, as he got back in the car and shut the door. “I can't wait to get to Portland.”

“Me neither, though this is the first time I'll be using my coat to cover one of my own accidents,” Roman blushed.

“Someone's used it before I did tonight?”

Roman blushed for another reason. “Jey did. Jimmy's bachelor party. It was a different coat, though.” He remembered his poor cuz, waiting for a stall because he couldn't use the trough.

“Story time?” Dean asked.

Roman chuckled. “Okay. We were waiting for the restroom at the club when a fight broke out. We weren't involved in it, but they kicked out everyone. I got to use the trough before that, but Jey was still waiting for a stall when we were shown the door. Jey tried to plead his case, but they didn't care, just shoved us on out like cattle to the slaughterhouse. Some of my cuzes pissed in the lot, but you know Jey can't just do that.”

Dean nodded.

“We got into the Hummer limo and decided to just continue the party at the hotel. The hotel was pretty far away, at least half an hour, I think, forgive me, but I was so fucked up that night I don't really remember much of it. Jey ended up pissing himself in his seat, and my uncle, his dad, asked me for my coat. That was the only time I ever saw Jey wet himself, but I heard stories over the years,” Roman finished.

“Yeah, I heard a couple, too,” Dean said. “Lines suck.”

Roman laughed. “Yeah, you learned that tonight.”

Finally, they rolled into Portland. Roman chose to stay at a motel on the outskirts rather than the Holiday Inn near the arena, where most of their coworkers were staying. Dean went in and got the room, hoping there would be a restroom in the lobby, but there wasn't. He shifted his weight from foot to foot as he registered for a double queen bed room, damn coffee. He got the key, a real key, and went back to the car. “On the left, all the way at the end, hurry up,” Dean told Roman, as he squirmed.

Roman laughed, but not too hard since he also needed to go. Not like it mattered if he did; he was soaked, but the seat really didn't need any more piss on it. He pulled into the last space, right in front of the door to their room. Dean hurried out before Roman had even come to a complete stop, and hopped from foot to foot as he tried to get the door open before he peed his pants.

The key and the knob turned, but the door was stuck. Dean slammed into it shoulder-first, and it opened so swiftly and fast he was caught off-balance and crashed to the floor. He wasn't hurt, but the impact broke the dam. Roman turned on the lights to find Dean sitting on the floor in a puddle, soaking wet and smiling sheepishly up at him.

“Coffee makes me pee.”

Roman smiled. “I know.”

“Now we're both wet,” Dean said, in a sensual voice.

Roman turned up the heat and took off his coat. “I'm about to get wetter.” He approached Dean's puddle, and Dean, still on the floor, hugged him about the legs and gazed up at him adoringly.

Roman laughed, and tousled Dean's hair. “You should take off your coat. I don't think you want me to piss on it.”

“Good point,” Dean agreed, and tossed it on the bed. He wrapped his arms and legs around his Shield brother and smiled up at him again.

Roman pulled off his wet jersey and t-shirt and undid his belt. He automatically began pulling it from the loops before realizing it didn't matter, it was already ruined. He left it, and undid his jeans.

“Just like that!” Dean exclaimed. “Oh, Roman, you look like a fucking god right now.”

“God of the waters.” He stroked Dean's hair and caressed his head and shoulders as he began pissing in his boxer briefs. He shivered involuntarily from the relief, and Dean held him tighter, and wrapped his lips around Roman's semi-hard cock and drank him. More ran down Roman's jeans, Dean's shirt, and dripped into Dean's lap.

But, Dean wasn't semi-hard. As Roman's stream tapered off, and his undies stopped dripping, Dean felt a little guilty for enjoying piss play with Roman when Seth was back home enjoying nothing because he was recovering from surgery, and unwell on top of it. Now somewhat sober, he was no longer stupid, and knew that it was a good thing fuckin' Miz was with Seth, because it would make things easier on him. And, he knew that his bond with Seth; their love was so strong that Miz would be unable to penetrate it, he would not come between them any more than Roman had. But, Dean was still feeling the pain of being away from Seth. His chest felt like it wanted to explode.

Roman tousled his hair. “Something wrong?”

Dean got up and began removing his pissy clothes. “I... I just miss Seth, that's all.”

“Ah,” Roman said, not untenderly. He watched Dean pull on a cutesy pair of briefs, navy blue with a white pawprint on the crotch. “Those aren't cursed undies, are they?”

Dean looked down at them and sighed. “No.” He climbed into bed.

Roman shed his wet clothing, too. He hated to see Dean hurting again, at least he'd given him some reprieve earlier in the night. He pulled on a pair of lounge pants, and got under the covers beside Dean.

Dean's sense of smell was stirred. Roman's hair smelled just like Seth's; they used the same products. “Can I hold you?” He asked, hopefully.

“Of course.” Roman turned over, on to his side, to allow Dean to spoon him. Dean wrapped his arms around his Shield brother and buried his face in his hair. The texture was not Seth's but the smell was the same, a musky, woodsy scent which comforted him enough to allow him to slip into a deep sleep.

