A desperate treck

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-12-11 05:51

Hi everyone! In a certain mood so I thought I'd write more! Having a lot of writers block lately so hoping this can help clear it up a little. Cute lesbian shenanigans with a second course consisting of very desperate adventurers, coming right up!

###

Lillie marched slightly behind Moon. She claimed it was because she didn't know the way, but in truth, she knew the island like the back of her hand. One might immediately assume that the blonde girl in the dress and sun hat was simply scared of any wild pokemon that could jump at her, and this was somewhat true. In the end, it all boiled down to one thing. Lillie enjoyed looking at Moon. She didn't exactly know why, if she did she would certainly restrain herself more, but seeing the other girl made her face go red with excitement. It was at this point that Lillie was distracted from her staring as she ran headfirst into Moon.

"Ah! S-So sorry! Are you alright?" Lillie panicked, feeling as though she had been caught doing something. Moon simply chuckled at Lillie's concern, assuring her that she was ok. It was now that Lillie's laser focus was broken that she felt a small signal from her bladder. Lillie knew that she probably had 30 more minutes before it got urgent, as she didn't hold her pee in very often. She considered saying something, but shrugged it off. She was sure they would be stopping at a pokemon center soon, and she didn't want to delay Moon with such childish manners.

Moon trekked ahead of Lillie, fending off wild pokemon and leading them to the next town over. Moon turned to check on Lillie. She could never tell the girl, but she loved her more than anything in the world. Even if she did tell her, Lillie would probably misinterpret her words. With each step, she felt pressure on her bladder. She definitely should've gone at the last pokemon center, but there was no way she was going to let Lillie know of that.

About 20 minutes passed without anything interesting happening. But of course, you can't really go 2 feet in Alola without running into gang members. This time, it was Oleana. Moon, her need fairly urgent, managed to defeat Oleana's pokemon with just a few attacks from her mudbray. After the 15 minute battle, Lillie was noticeably squirming.

"Hey, what's wrong?" Moon questioned, her legs pressing together.

"Not much, it can wait!" Lillie lied. She had grossly underestimated how bad she needed to go. She was almost certain she had leaked once or twice, but she didn't really know. Sometimes, being around Moon just made her feel damp down there. Lillie hopped from foot to foot, still following behind Moon. Moon was not doing better by any means. She was thankful no one was around, because the death grip she had on her crotch would definently raise some eyebrows. Before long, she too was barely hanging on.

"Hey, Lillie? Can I say something embarrassing?" Moon turned to her, asking permission. Lillie nodded, her ears peeking up as she squirmed. "I think I might be about to pee my pants." Lillie blushed, a wave hitting her, sending her knees crashing together. She winced at the pain.

"I- uh- m-me too! I'm sorry, I didn't want to disrupt the walk-" Lillie apologized. Moon felt terrible. The girls just stared at eachother. Moon walked over to a bush, pulling down her pants.

"Come here, no one's around. Don't walk too fast." Moon beckoned. Lillie walked over, simply staring at Moon's bare crotch. There was a yellow liquid dripping down from it. Lillie turned her attention to the bush.

"I... I can't!" Lillie shot her hand to her crotch, trying to prevent the aqua jet inside her from escaping. Moon's urethra seemed to give out. Her yellow liquids sprayed the bush, causing Lillie to be hit, too. Lillie doubled over at the sight of Moon getting relief, and soon got a sweet release of her own. It went from small streams to waterfalls. Lillie panicked, trying in vain to stop her flow. It wasn't too long before they both finished, and Lillie focused on her clothes. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to ruin the clothes!-"

"What? Lillie you're ok." Moon comforted the girl as her breathing quickened. Lillie flinched as Moon approached her slowly. "Hey, shh, we can get you cleaned up, you're going to be ok. Who ever hurt you... they aren't here. I have spare clothes for you."

"I- I can't... I don't look good in-" Lillie tried to protest as she was led down to the beach. Tears began flowing. Moon wiped them off, helping Lillie calm down as much as she could.

"I have toilet paper in my bag, are you comfortable with me cleaning you up?" Moon asked Lillie before producing the toilet paper. Lillie nodded shakily, still sniffling. "It's ok, this happens. You saw me just now, I was almost in your situation." Moon removed Lillies panties, and tried to avert her eyes while cleaning her up. Her panties were incredibly soft, she made a mental note to ask for the brand later.

"W-What am I going to tell mother?" Lillie asked Moon with complete sincerity. Moon looked at her strangely. She thought Lillie was an orphan. Lillie covered her mouth. Moon signalled that she would listen. "W-Well... I used to live with my mother, but I ran away with Nebby. I used to have this happen a lot, and whenever it did..." Lillie winced as she rubbed her cheek. Moon got the message.

"Your mom's not here now. She can't hurt you." Moon brought the half naked girl into her arms. Lillie hugged back harder than she ever had.

###

Hope you enjoyed the story! It was fun writing it 🙂 idk if I like the fi n.v al product that much but idk j wanted to write.

