My first attempt at writing a story

Author: largebio

*000*2017-01-06 08:50

After being a lurker for quite some time, I decided to write some fiction. This is my first story, please enjoy.

###

An alarm sounds, 7 am, Barbara hits snooze. Thirty minutes later she shoots awake: “Shit, John’s gonna be here in fifteen minutes”, she thinks. She quickly gets out of bed, puts on some clothes, eats some cornflakes and has a glass of water.

Then she hears a car pull op in front of her house, she quickly runs out and gets in, feeling a twinge in her bladder but nothing bad. She greets John, her modelling agent as Barbara is having her first ever photoshoot today. They drive off to the set, about half an hour’s drive away.

Half an hour without traffic that is, as they hit it as soon as they pull onto the motorway. But nothing to bad though and they arrive about fifteen minutes later than planned.

As Barbara walks into the building where the shoot is set she feels her bladder twinging again. Looking around if she sees a bathroom sign, she is greeted by a woman named Julia.

Julia explains that since Barbara and John arrived a little late she has to get her make-up down right now, reluctantly – noticing her filling bladder – Barbara follows Julia to the make-up room and sits down.

After ten minutes her make-up and hair are down and Julia leads the way to the dressing rooms. Barbara walks in and notices five pair of jeans she will be wearing for today’s shoot. What she doesn’t see is a toilet.

Julia informs that she is expected to be changed in two minutes for the shoot to start. A bit sleepy still Barbara quickly gulps down a mug of coffee which stood ready and waiting for her. She immediately regrets it though, feeling her now full bladder.

Thirty minutes and three pairs of jeans later, Barbara is getting truly desperate. Changing into the fourth pair, she has to pause for a second fighting of her first wave of desperation. “I can’t use my hands, I can’t on stage either”, she thinks. Zipping up the jeans she is relieved though, as this pair is significantly looser fitting as the pair before.

As the photos are being taken, Barbara does everything in her might not to fidget. She succeeds and heads of to change into the final pair of jeans. Luckily for her these are not too tight either.

A couple minutes later the final round of pictures are being taken, however not without the occasional squirm. “Are you alright?”, Julia asks. “Yes, just a little cold”, Barbara quickly replies to dose of any suspicion of her real plight.

“Ok, last picture”

“Thank god”, Barbara whispers to herself.

Quickly walking off to her changing room, she strips the jeans off. A knock on the door, it’s Julia.

“Barbara, our bikini model didn’t show up, mind posing in these two bikini’s while you’re here?”, Julia asks showing two bikini sets.

“Yeah, no problem, but can I use the bathroom first?”

“Uhm, John didn’t tell you? This building doesn’t have bathrooms”

“Oh, well ok then”, Barbara responds coolly. Her mind not so cool however. But she resolves by telling herself that she will be home in an hour, and she can definitely hold another hour.

Changing into the first bikini she is mortified, it’s a size too small and really pressing on her bladder.

She walks out, but not without fidgeting every minute or two during the shoot. Blaming the increased fidgeting on the even colder surroundings as she as now wearing less clothes.

Finished with the first bikini she changes into the second, but with the bottom off, she feels another wave coming, quickly grabbing her bare pussy in the privacy of her changing room.

The wave subsides a she swiftly puts on the second, also very tight, bikini.

“Forty five more minutes and I’m home. I can do this”, she assures herself.

Struggling to stay still, the final shoot takes a little longer than expected but eventually they finish.

She walks off to the changing room for the final time she grabs herself as soon as she’s in there. Fighting of the wave, she dresses in her yoga pants, thanking god she decided to wear those today.

“Let’s go”, Barbara says to John a s she walks out of her dressing room.

“Ok”, is John’s simple reply.

As they hit the motorway again, John strikes up the conversation, complementing Barbara on her brilliance during the photoshoot.

Barbara isn’t really listening though, as she’s fully concentrating on keeping her bladders content in.

Fifteen minutes into the drive home Barbara sees no other resolve than grabbing her pussy through her yoga pants. She tried crossing her legs, fidgeting and bouncing her legs but it’s not enough.

John immediately notices as Barbara grabs herself: ”Are you ok?”

“Yes, just need a wee really badly. The stupid studio didn’t have bathrooms.”

“Didn’t I tell you so?”

“No”, Barbara says a little annoyed.

“Oh sorry. But don’t worry we’ll be at your hose in ten minutes, you can hold it”

“Yes, I can”, she says. “No, I can’t”, she thinks.

But ten minutes later as they pull up to her house she is still holding strong, she even managed to get her key out of her purse already.

Barbara opens the car’s door and thanks John for the ride. But as soon as she gets up she feels gravity is not gonna be her friend today and as soon as she is out of the car she puts both her hands on her pussy. John drives off.

Now alone Barbara feels another wave hit her. She grabs herself even tighter but to no avail. A second or so spurt leaves her urethra and a tear rolls down her cheek.

“Just a little longer”, she says to herself.

Waddling to the front door she removes one hand so she can unlock it.

Another spurt, this one about three seconds long she feels her hand get wet.

“No, this can’t be happening”, she thinks quickly moving her second hand to her crotch again stopping the flow.

She manages to open the door and now stands in her hallway. Another spurt, two hands in her crotch, she stops it. For a second, then another spurt and another.

Now having a dinner size wet spot on her yoga pants, she starts sobbing. She manages to take two steps towards her bathroom as another spurt leaves her.

This one, though cannot be stopped as small trickle continues leaving her pussy. The trickle turns into a stream and she starts peeing uncontrollably through her pants.

A minute later the stream finally subsides and Barbara walks off to her bathroom crying. “Thank god I live alone”, she says to herself out loud.

She takes a quick shower and decides on having an afternoon nap. She steps into her bed naked as she always does.

An hour later she awakes, desperate to pee again.

“How can I fill up this quickly”, she thinks.

However, being so comfy she doesn’t wanna get up. Trying to fall back asleep she succeeds five minutes later.

She sleeps for another five minutes, she wakes up to a spurt.

“Shit”, she thinks feeling her bedsheets. She quickly realises it was just that one spurt that left her.

But trying to get up is hard, another spurt leaves her.

She manages to stop it after two or so seconds and she sits on the edge of her bed.

But as soon as her feet hit the cold floor the flood gates open she is now full on wetting. First on her bed but she quickly slides off, now splattering all of her pee on her feet and floor. She starts crying again.

After another minute she finishes peeing again, having a lot of cleaning to do.

