Avery pt 2

Author: Livearrow5858

*000*2018-03-15 18:17

Hello! So I've seen some requests to continue my first story so, here it is! P.S, I'm working on part three!

###

The hallway was crowded with people going to their lockers as the bell rang for the last time. It was the end of the school year! Among those people, was Avery. Avery was a below average height girl with brown hair; and a smile that made every one of her friends and family members day light up when they saw her. She also had the strongest bladder of her friends and family. And she was proud of it!

Torren, -Avery's boyfriend- tried his best to make her pee herself. But, he just couldn't get her too!

But, that was going to change! As Avery was walking to her bus, she felt a sharp pain in her abdomen. She stopped suddenly and tightly crossed her legs. I gotta pee she thought to herself. Luckily, I have a iron bladder! She reassured herself.

###

When she got inside her house she sat down and crossed her legs. She got out her phone and texted Torren: Hey baby! Can u come over? I've got a surprise for u! Xoxo. She hit send. She didn't have to wait a minute before her phone buzzed. It was Torren! Sure baby! Be there in five! Xoxo Avery smiled.

Avery was already at the door before Torren could knock. "Hi-." Torren didn't even finish his sentence before Avery pulled him into a kiss. "So, what's this surprise?" Asked Torren after they had a full on make-out. "Oh! Yeah, well I need to pee." Torren's face instantly lit up. "You do? On a scale of 1-10 how bad is it?" Avery thought for a moment. "I'd say a 6?" She looked down at the bump in Torren's pants. "You're really enjoying this huh?" She asked as she crossed and uncrossed her legs. "Yep!" Torren replied. Avery pondered for a moment. "Well, my parents aren't home for the next few days, so maybe you could sleep over?"

"Already asked!" Said Torren as he showed her his overnight bag.

"I'm thirsty." She said as she went into the kitchen and grabbed a glass. "I'm only doing this for you!" She said. "I know." He replied. Avery then turned the faucet on. She squirmed around while the glass was filling up, then she drank, then filled it up again then she drank that. "Ohhh, I really gotta pee!" She said as she squirmed around. "What now?" Asked Torren. "I don't know." Replied Avery. "Do you like Harry Potter?" He asked "yes!" She said. "Ok!" Torren said.

They put in Harry Potter and The Half-Blood-Prince. As they sat down on the couch, Avery had to sit on her heel and squirm around. Torren was enjoying every part of this! A little bit into the movie, Avery grabbed herself. "Oooooo I have to pee so bad!" She said through gritted teeth. "I think I might wet myself!" Torren wasn't exactly into wetting. He was more into the desperation. But, he'd never seen a wetting before!

Avery was squirming around and had her hands tightly glued to her crotch. "I gotta pee! I gotta pee! I gotta pee!" She kept saying. Then, there was a loud hiiiiissssss. Avery was actually peeing herself! Torren could only watch. When Avery was done, she started crying. "Hey, it's okay!" Torren tried comforting her. Avery stopped crying and looked into his eyes. *sniff* "you don't think this is gross?" She asked. "No Avery, I love you no matter what!" He replied as he pulled her into a kiss.

