Ginny Has a Secret

Author: lovehppee

*000*2017-01-04 18:45

This is my first ever story, it's probably bad. And it's short. Well, here goes.

~~~

"Okay Harry dear," said Mrs Weasley. "I'm afraid that because we've got so many people sleeping over, we've had to set you a bed up in Ginny's room. She's already sleeping, so if you could just be a little quiet..."

"That's no problem, Mrs Weasley. Thank you for dinner."

Harry walked upstairs and found Ginny's room at the top. He entered without knocking, silently opening the door, as he thought Ginny would be asleep.

Ginny was not asleep.

What Harry found as he walked in was Ginny holding herself very tightly and moaning lightly. At first, Ginny didn't notice as his entrance had been extremely quiet. She squeezed her legs together, lying on her pink and white patchwork quilt. Ginny's back was turned away.

Harry could only watch in shock as he found his best friend's little sister sweating but looking quite pleased. She squirmed frantically but seemed in no rush to find a bathroom.

She gave a snuffled groan just as Harry said:

"Umm...hello, Ginny."

Ginny squeaked in fear, and turned around to see Harry. Her face quickly blushed as red as her hair, and she gasped, letting go of her grip. Suddenly, she seemed to be losing control - and liking it.

The crotch of her white pyjama pants quickly darkened and was drenched with pee, and despite Harry standing there, smiled. She whimpered with relief and happiness and pee streamed determinedly down her legs and soaking the bedcovers.

As the last drops of urine escaped her throbbing bladder, the whole concept of what just happened washed over her again and she went almost purple. Harry Potter, the Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived, had discovered Ginny's secret.

Her love for pee-holding and desperation.

"Harry...oh my Merlin...well-"

"Why did you hold that long? Please, tell me the truth." Harry didn't really know, his best guess was that she was too scared of the dark to go down, or something. Somehow he knew that wasn't the reason. She had clearly been enjoying it. The reason for it could be she lik - no, Harry, don't be dim. Why would a little, sweet, attractive, kind Weasley lik-

"I'm kind of ashamed to admit it, but I love the way it feels. Please don't tell anyone. I've been hiding my love for years. If anyone else knew, I'd be so emba-"

"You know what, Ginny? It doesn't matter. I confess that I quite like it to." It was actually quite a turn-on for Harry, but he wouldn't say that. That's too much.

"Really?" Ginny was astounded that he wasn't judging her.

"Yep. As embarrassing as it is to say it."

For a moment, they just looked into each other's eyes, deeply, intensely. They were both getting slightly aroused.

"Harry, can I-"

"Just one second, Ginny...I need to show you something I've wanted to show you since 3rd year."

And with that, Harry leaned in for a soft kiss with Ginny. Ginny responded, with a passionate kiss, her pee-soaked legs pressed against Harry's noticeably excited penis. Ginny was surprised at his reaction, and didn't complain when Harry started gently kissing her neck. She fingered cautiously the bottom of his shirt - and it was soon off.

The rest will remain a secret, just like Ginny's desire for desperation. No-one would ever know.

~~~

I would have written that smut scene at the end but it would have been rubbish, utter rubbish, because I've never even attempted to write it. But how was this? Tell me in the comments.

