Galar's New Champion

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-06-27 18:12

Hi guys!!! I'm back with more lesbians, this time pokemon. There is no weird zoophilia stuff in this fic, all the omo stuff is the human characters. All characters are adults here ofc. Gloria x Marnie is a ship I literally found out about today but it's so perfect and I love it so yeah. The team is the same as my personal playthrough of shield so that's fun!

#LetHopSwear

###

She had done it. Leon stood before her, defeated. All his pokemon had fallen. Gloria smiled. She was the champion of Galar.

The fans cheered as leon stepped forward and shook her hand. The gym challenge had been harsh, the chairman cunning, but she had triumphed over it all. The new champion returned to the locker room, and was met with her best friend and rival Hop.

"Hell yeah, Gloria!" Hop cheered. "You kicked my brothers ass out there!"

"Oh, it was nothing!" Gloria answered shyly. "That Charizard at the end was so predictable, though! It would be a lot harder if he ever changed up his team."

"Sure, but after your Corviknight swept his team like that, are you going to get rid of it?" Hop challenged. "I should probably let you get changed. Dinner tomorrow at that restaurant you love, I'm inviting Leon!"

Oh, Hop. Gloria felt a slight twinge in her bladder. She had drank a lot of water before and during the match, so she had a lot of liquid going through her. She had a view of the lobby on the wall, so she could see when the crowds cleared up. She couldn't leave until they had.

Gloria, despite just participating in the most watched event in Galar, was horrible with crowds. Especially when there was any other factor involved. Which, she was now a celebrity, and her need to pee had advance by one stage. If the worst happened, she didn't want to pee herself in front of thousands of people. So she would wait.

"Hey, Gloria." A familiar voice sounded from behind her. Gloria's face lit up.

"Marnie!" Gloria jumped up and nearly tackled the girl.

"Someone's excited to see me!" Marnie chuckled. "Congrats on the win! Piers says congrats too, but he insisted on me coming here alone for some reason."

"T-Thank you!" Gloria blushed a bit. She maybe-kinda-sorta had a little bit of a crush on Marnie.

"You alright? You're bright red." Marnie squinted.

"It's just..." Gloria tried to think of an excuse. "Anxiety! With the huge crowd there I won't be able to get out for a while, and also I'm the champion now! I don't even know what the champion does! Am I like the kings of the past, or am I just the region's mascot?" Oh no she was rambling. Guess she really was anxious. Was she crying? Could anxiety even make you red? Marnie placed a hand on Gloria's shoulder.

"Hey- uh, it's ok! I'm here." Marnie tried to comfort the crying champion. She wiped the tears from her face. Arceus, what was she doing? Before she knew it, Gloria was in her arms, no longer crying. Yay! She did a comfort!

"Sorry you had to see me like that." Gloria stood and made her way to a bench.

"It's fine! I get like that sometimes, too." Marnie followed her. "If Piers hadn't been there for me, I probably would've died of dehydration from all the tears."

The two laughed. They talked for about an hour. Gloria's need increased by a lot. The crowd still wasn't gone.

"So then this team yell guy-" Marnie paused. "Hey, Gloria, you doing alright? You're really fidgety."

"T-The crowd still isn't gone-" Gloria started, pausing as a wave came over her. "And I- uh- I have to pee, like really bad."

"They don't have bathrooms in here?" Marnie sounded shocked. "You should get some installed with your ~mysterious champion powers.~" Marnie joked. Gloria laughed, immediately regretting as a spurt of piss shot into her panties. She clenched her crotch, accidentally pushing up her skirt in the process.

"Fuck, Marnie, you're gonna make me piss myself!" Gloria rubbed her legs together.

"Sorry!" Marnie apologized. Her face went bright red as she looked down. "You- uh- you're skirt- its-" Gloria followed her eyes.

"Well, you're going to have to deal with seeing my knickers, sorry." Even as Gloria said this, she experienced quite a lot of embarrassment. "Hey, uh, I got a weird question."

"Ask away." Marnie stared at the wall, not wanting to accidentally invade the champion's privacy.

"Would you think any less of me if I pissed myself?" Gloria was standing, now, hopping from foot to foot. The crowd still hadn't cleared, and she was leaking uncontrollably.

"Of course not! The fact that you held on this long is impressive." Marnie assured.

"Good, that's good to know. I think that might happen soon-" Gloria gasped as her control slipped. She tried to fight the ocean inside her, but to no avail. A trickling sound filled the room.

"I'm so sorry, Gloria..." Marnie felt a great deal of empathy for the girl. Gloria began to cry. Marnie didn't even care that she would likely get piss on her, she had to help the crying girl in front of her. She stepped forward and brought her into a hug.

"Marnie, I'm still-"

"Shhh. It's ok. You're ok." Marnie comforted the crying girl. "It will be midnight soon, the building closes, so the crowd will leave. Do you have somewhere to stay tonight?" Gloria shook her head. "You can stay in Spikemuth. Piers has the best house there because he's the gym leader."

"Thank you, Marnie. I'm sorry for wetting myself so close to the crowds clearing up." Gloria felt awful. The two walked through the dead streets of Wyndon. Marnie grabbed a hold of Gloria's hand.

"Scared?" Gloria squeezed her hand.

"No!" Marnie lied.

"Well, I am." Gloria anxiously looked around at their surroundings. "The taxi should still be operating, but it will take an hour or two to get to Spikemuth." A stick snapped in the distance.

"L-Lets get out of here." Marnie jumped, getting closer to Gloria. Gloria talked to the Corviknight trainer.

"Ok, we can head to spikemuth, but he's too tired to make the journey. It's just going to be the Corviknight taking us." Gloria explained as she entered the cage. Marnie followed and the cage took off.

Marnie's head rested on Gloria's shoulder. It had been thirty minutes since the friends had taken off, with an hour and a half left in their journey. Marnie's head jolted up.

"Hey, Gloria..." Marnie rubbed her legs together. "I have to pee."

"Can you hold it?" Gloria asked.

"No. It's about to come out." Marnie realized as she placed her hands on the insides of her thighs. She squirmed restlessly as Gloria thought.

"What's your idea?" Marbie asked, noticing the small glint of a thought in the girls eyes.

"Well, the floor is a grate." Gloria started. "And the bench is slanted... Essentially, you could take of your panties and piss right now." Gloria's face went bright red when she realized she basically told her to strip.

"Can I say something weird?" Marnie asked.

"How weird?" Gloria giggled.

"Sexual revelation about myself level weird." Marnie muttered.

"I've had a couple of those today, it's fine." Gloria admitted awkwardly.

"I think I like holding my pee. Like I'm about to piss myself and I'm really horny." Marnie's face went bright red.

"Can it be my turn to say something weird?" Gloria asked. Marnie nodded, looking anywhere except at the champion. "I think like seeing people desperate. Seeing you squirm like that, I'm getting antsy just thinking about it." Marnie couldn't take it anymore.

"I like you." Marnie blurted out. "That's the reason I let you into Spikemuth. The reason Piers told me to go see you alone. I really, really like you."

"I like you too." Gloria admitted. She was sure her face was redder than Groudon. She was certainly wetter than Kyogre. The two stayed silent for a while. Marnie squirming, barely holding on.

"I'm going to piss myself." Marnie sounded horrified. "I'm actually going to piss myself." She practically ripped off her shorts and knickers in an effort to keep them clean. The second they were off, she spread her legs and let go.

"Gloria~" Marnie moaned as immense pleasure shot through her. It took all of Gloria's willpower not to touch herself. She was so damn horny.

Marnie was sure she was in heaven. The relief like a boulder lifted off her back, combined with the near orgasmic pleasure. It was perfect. She felt like an electrode about to explode. And explode she did.

"Oh~ OH~ GLORIA~" Marnie moaned as she experienced the best orgasm she'd ever had. She was snapped back to reality by Gloria staring at her, face redder than the top half of a pokeball.

"I'm s-sorry." Marnie started to cry. Arceus, what was wrong with her? She just came to pissing herself, not to mention in front of her crush!

"Hey, hey, it's ok. Don't cry. I'm here." Gloria took the girl in her arms, trying very hard to comfort her.

"Do you hate me?" Marnie whimpered.

"Of course not!" Gloria assured. "I could never hate you." They went on like this for a while. By the time Marnie calmed down, they were landing in front of Spikemuth.

"Do you want to be girlfriends?" Gloria asked Marnie awkwardly.

"Yes! I mean, uh, sure." Marnie answered. Gloria was elated. The girlfriends walked hand in hand to Marnie's house.

"Hey Marnie." Piers greeted. He glanced to the Gloria. "You hooking up with the champion?" He smirked.

'We aren't-!" Marnie regained her composure. "Piers, meet Gloria. She is my girlfriend." She said defiantly.

"Congrats, sis." Piers smiled. "Just in case, I'll stay away from your room."

The rest of the night went by normally. The couple showered, ate dinner, and went to bed. Let's go, lesbians.

*002*2024-06-29 03:57

{{19 hours ago, mourn365 said:

Ahhh this was fantastic!!!

}}

{{On 6/27/2024 at 2:24 PM, warham1995 said:

Welcome back!

}}

Thanks yall! I think I'm continuing this in like an anecdotal format. (like little stories featuring these lesbians in this universe, no huge arcs or anything)

*004*2024-06-30 03:47

{{20 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Do you know about pokemon sun and moon or x and y for the 3ds?

}}

I'm doing a playthrough of sun and moon right now, plus x and y introduced mega evolution, so I might do a fic on them eventually. I just don't know enough about the characters and story yet. Also sword and shield is special to me cause I started with those games. I didn't have a Nintendo console before the switch.

*006*2024-06-30 04:00

{{1 minute ago, warham1995 said:

Ok, i was just curious, also what about scarlet and violet?

}}

If theres lesbians (or believable lesbian ships), probably! Sorry, I only have gen 7 and 8 right now. Hopefully I'll be able to afford it before the next generation.

*009*2024-07-01 16:56

{{3 hours ago, TheGreatNobody said:

It is possible to sail the high seas with gen 9, just a tip. I play them on an emulator on my PC.

}}

That's probably what I'll end up doing. Saving up for a PC right now, and I'm apparently getting it way sooner than I thought because my friend is getting me a graphics card for my birthday (he's the rich bro in our friend group)

*010*2024-07-04 05:51

Here goes!

###

Gloria slaved away at the mirror. She despised makeup, but this a fancy dinner. Even Leon was wearing a suit. She finished up with her makeup, and waited in anticipation.

Tonight was the banquet of Galar. If you were invited, rest assured you are among the elites of the region. Notably, the budget was much higher this year. Chairwoman Oleana had no secret evil plans going on, so she could afford to splurge a bit.

Speaking of budget, she boarded the carriage that had appeared at her house. It was being pulled by a crew of Rapish all the way from Kanto! When she arrived at the venue, she took her place backstage, and waited for her queue.

Gloria stepped onto the stage, and everyone went quiet.

"Hello, everyone! I am champion Gloria, and I'm so excited to see you all here tonight!" Gloria started her speech. "First, I'd like to give a huge thanks to chairwoman Oleana! Arceus knows Rose wouldn't put in this much effort." This elicited a laugh from the crowd. "Before we begin, I have a very special announcement to make. Would gym leader Marnie please step up to the stage?" Marnie came up and took Gloria's hand. "Gym leader Marnie and I were rivals during the gym challenge, and we became fast friends afterward. Now, there has been a new development. We are officially together." The crowd clapped, and a cheer was heard from the table which held the other gym leaders. "And without further adieu, welcome, everyone, to the banquet of Galar!" Gloria sat down next to marnie at the gym leader's table, followed by Leon, Hop, and Piers.

"What would you all like to order?" The waiter came by. Everyone told him their orders. He whisked them away to the kitchen.

"So how long have you two been together?" Raihan immediately went for the tea.

"Actually, we got together the night I became champion!" Gloria laughed.

"That checks out, Marnie is definitely a gold digger." Piers deadpanned.

"Hey!" Marnie glared at her brother.

"...'M glad for ya..." Allister mumbled through his mask.

"Ugh, does that mean me and Bede have to get together now?" Hop joked. Bede looked mildly hurt.

"You don't deserve-" Opal started.

"Leave, Opal." Bede glared. "You aren't a gym leader, go sit at another table." Opal left, and the table fell silent.

"If you need advice on keeping a relationship out of the media, I can help!" Leon broke the tension.

"Just don't ask him for directions. Ever." Raihan punched Leon's arm. "One time he ended up in Hoenn when he was trying to visit me in Hammerlocke."

"Oh my Arceus, Nessa! Sonia's walking over here!" Leon drew attention away from him. Nessa's face lit up like a Lanturn as she turned to her 'best friend'.

"H-Hi Sonia!" Nessa stammered. "What brings you to the gym leader table?"

"I was wondering if you wanted to get a table for just the two of us?" Sonia leaned down to whisper in Nessa's ear. The two 'besties' eagerly walked away.

"Just to be clear, they're totally dating." Raihan gossiped.

"I wish we were still that full of energy." Leon put an arm around Raihan. Raihan planted a kiss on his cheek.

The conversation went on for a while. Gloria began to feel some pressure in her bladder. Just as she was about to get up and pee, the food came.

"And here is your Gyarados roll, champion." The waiter handed her the sushi. The meat seemed to sparkle and shift from a light blue to a dark red. "You'll find we've cooked it very specially for you." Gloria feasted, paying no attention to the ever-increasing pressure in her bladder.

"You got a shiny!?" Hop exclaimed. "Shame you didn't find a live pokèmon, but that must taste amazing! Though if you want one, you could just visit Johto."

Some time passed, and Gloria had finished her food. She struggled to find a gap in the conversation to go to the bathroom. She was beginning to risk humiliating herself.

"Babe, you doing alright?" Marnie inquired.

"Yep! I'm quite alright!" Gloria lied. Marnie looked skeptical. "I'm just... excited!"

"Ugh, you too are so gay. I'm going to go have a f-" Piers stopped, catching himself. "Cigarette."

Marnie chuckled. Things were looking bad for Gloria. There was definitely a spot on her panties. She desperately hoped for a break in the conversation. But one never came.

"Heysorryivegottapissbye!" Gloria stammered as she sprinted towards the bathroom, hands shoved between her legs. She had given up on finding a break, she was going to wet herself otherwise. What else did she find but a line.

Gloria could tell it was already too late. She gave up and went for the back exit, bursting through the door as piss threatened to burst through her urethra. She squatted down, yanked up her dress, and pulled her panties to the side.

Gloria used hydro pump! The relief was unparalleled. Piss sprayed all over the ground, wetting the alleyway thoroughly. The stream, or rather, spray died down after about 30 seconds. Gloria looked up. She swore her heart stopped.

"I'm gonna need something stronger than cigs after that." Piers produced a flask from seemingly nowhere. "Want some?" Gloria took it and chugged the whole thing. "Eh, that's why I keep an extra."

"We will never speak of this." Gloria swore.

"If you treat my sister like anything other than a princess, this gets out to the news." Piers punched her shoulder lightly. He wasn't joking.

"Understood." Gloria chuckled. The back door was pushed open. "Marnie! Careful stepping!"

Marnie glanced at the floor and saw the pool of piss in front of the door. She glanced at gloria, who had a noticable wet spot on her dress.

"I'm so sorry-!" Marnie stammered "I should've noticed!"

"Hey, its not you fault!" Gloria comforted her girlfriend. Marnie noticed the empty flask in Gloria's hand.

"Oh no. We need to get you home." Marnie panicked. "Piers, I swear I will kill you!"

"What it's just fermented berries, right?" Gloria looked horrified.

"Look, it's not my fault she ripped the thing out of my hand and chugged it!" Piers defended himself.

"Look at her!" Marnie yelled. "She can't handle something that strong!"

And just like that, Gloria was out.

###

Part 2 of this story coming soon, after that idk but I got gen 9 pokemon, yay! Violet for those wondering. Winged king sounds metal af but so did iron serpent (literally metal af) so...

*011*2024-07-07 04:16

Actually I think I'm going to leave that there. I've thought and thought but I just can't find a way to continue that, while still having omo elements. I'll have yall a little story that takes place the next day. Only cute lesbian things this chapter, yaya!

###

Gloria woke up in a bed she knew very well. She stood up, only to find herself wearing pajamas. She rubbed her eyes and walked through the hallway as the scent of bacon hit her nostrils.

"Hey Gloria!" Marnie greeted her. "I got Piers to make his famous pancakes for us."

"I am only doing this because I accidentally drugged the girl your shagging." Piers grumbled. "Or is it the other way around-"

"PIERS!" Marnie yelled. "...That didn't sound like an apology." Piers let out an exasperated sigh.

"Sorry for getting you super high on my stuff, I should've known you wouldn't be able to handle the Spikemuth supreme sour shit™️." Piers groaned. "Heres your pancakes." Piers handed out the pancakes. Gloria and marnie recreated Lillipup and the Rockruff with a piece of bacon. All was well.

Gloria and Marnie went on to be so gay the world ended and everyone died due to the gay legendary pokemon who was empowered by gayness to destroy the world. The end.

