Why I Wear Diapers After Work - Page 3

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*050*2018-02-26 18:45

Stopping at rentals shop they pick up their gear. Kelly is amazed at how light it is compared to the stuff she’s used to back home. The boots are an especially pleasant surprise. Light and thin, yet still incredibly warm, they selectively stiffen in response to pressure to provide increased control. Instead of a lift system the larger wealthier resorts typically have VTOL shuttles. As the jets roar scattering flurries of snow Kelly takes in the scenery. Snowy tree covered mountains pierce a brilliant blue sky for miles in every direction. Kelly and Laura will spend the next four hours exploring the trails as they work their way down the mountain. Occasionally taking some of the shorter shuttles lines back up to access some of the side trails.

Three hours in and just before lunch they are two thirds of the way down the mountain cruising one of the longer blue runs at a moderate pace. Kelly taking in the scenery doesn’t notice an exposed tree branch, clips it with their left ski and goes flying. Accelerometers in their suit detect the sudden change in motion and signals the skis to detach while priming other suit systems. The skis fall away and three seconds to impact airbags in her suit and boots inflate to protect against injury.

Kelly lands with a dull muffled thump and tumbles for an additional five seconds. Once it’s safe the airbags deflate and return to their storage positions. Kelly lays stunned for a moment before doing a quick self-assessment. No injuries but the crotch of her thermals is damp. Kelly realizes that the surprise airtime must have caused a momentary loss of bladder control. Figuring that they might as well finish what they started Kelly flops onto their back. Feeling her bladder relax; her previously damp groin is now soaked and very warm. Her suits waterproof fabric traps her pee and because of the slope she can feel it running down her legs completely soaking them. It eventually winds up in her boots where she can feel her feet squelching. It feels fucking amazing and Kelly almost has a small climax right there.

Just then Laura skids to a stop next to them in a spray of powder. “Kelly are you Okay!”

“Yeah mom I’m fine, the only casualty is my underwear.” Laura laughing slips out of her skis, drops her backpack, and pulls Kelly into a full-on mamma bear hug. “God don’t scare me like that.”

“Sorry mom” Laura’s response is to hold her tighter.

*055*2018-02-27 04:56

“We might as well stop for lunch.” Laura and Kelly park them selves under a large spruce with the vista spread out under them. Laura tears open a biodegradable insulated packet revealing one Little sized and one Amazon sized hot, steaming, homemade, meat pie. Kell grabs greedily at hers bouncing it a bit in her hands before wrapping a napkin around it “Careful baby it’s hot” Laura warns her tone causing Kelly’s face to actually look like that of a child who’s received a gentle admonishment and she blushes at her reaction. 

Laura unzips her purple and gold suit because she’s feeling warm from the exercise before pulling out a bottle of sports drink and a thermos of hot chocolate which they share. Biting into the pie (steak, bacon, and mushroom), Kelly lets out a loud and enthusiast “Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!”

“I’m glad somebody likes my cooking” Laura says teasingly “Are you kidding? it’s fucking amazing!”

“Kelly Westerton!” Laura says with mock outrage that is betrayed by her smile as she gently boops Kelly on the head. Kelly grins back at her.

After lunch Kelly is sitting in Laura’s lap taking in the scenery when they feel the need to make room. Grinning in a, I am way too pleased with myself fashion, Kelly begins to push. A loud rumbling fart rips out of her followed by a large soft log of poop. Kelly can feel the mess smushing against her crack and is loving it. She lets a low moan as several smaller poops follow. “You having fun soiling your new undies naughty girl?” Laura asks in a playful teasing fashion “Oh yeah alfresco dumps are the best!” Kelly continues to loudly vocalize their relief as Laura unzips their snow suit and sticks a hand in to massage their belly. As Kelly finishes she grinds against Laura’s thigh mushing her fresh load. “Mmmmhhh!”

“Mommy’s messy girl is happy?”

“Exteremely!”.

Suddenly a wet squelching fart breaks the silence and Kelly realizes it’s not theirs. She see’s Laura making a familiar face. Kelly pokes her head inside Laura’s suit. “Mommy’s pooping their pants!” Kelly squeals excitedly. “Yes dear, Mommy is shitting herself because it beats freezing her ass off.” Kelly breaks into a fit of hysterical giggles as Laura continues voiding her bowels.

“Why are you so interested in my toilet habits anyway?” Laura turns Kelly around to face her “I don’t know…” Kelly says sheepishly “It’s fun and hilarious and…. It kinda turns me on…” Kelly whispers the last bit. Laura swats Kelly playfully on the butt causing her to yelp in surprise. “I know just the thing to make my naughty girl happy then. Before they can react, Kelly finds themselves stuffed inside Laura’s snow suit as she zips it up and proceeds to finish her business. 

The air is warm and filled with the pungent musky sent of Laura’s sweat and mess. It should smell disgusting, but it smells like Laura. To Kelly that’s all that matters, to Kelly it makes her feel secure, loved, and aroused all at the same time. She suddenly feels a new, warm wetness as Laura’s bladder joins the party and theirs lets go in sympathy. Kelly finds herself drifting off more relaxed than she can ever remember.

*057*2018-02-27 17:26

When Kelly comes to they are back inside the foyer of the cabin. “Wassup?!” Kelly asks, her words slurring from grogginess. “You looked so peaceful napping that I decided to delete the skis and take a 1km snow shoe hike back to the cabin. You looked so freaking adorable tied to my chest with your head poking out of the snow suit just below my chin!” There is a full-length mirror in the entry hall and Kelly does agree they look freaking adorable like this, with Kelly poking her head out like a little baby monkey.

Heading up stairs Laura stands in front of three paneled mirror in the bedroom and unzips her snow suit letting it fall to the floor. Kelly taking in the sight. They are strapped to Laura’s torso by and intricate assembly of knot work that some how manages to avoid pinching or chafing. At some point she must have gotten rid of Kelly’s boots and snowsuit. As she sets Kelly down they admire the fact that the once white legs of the thermals are almost completely yellow, Laura’s are also soaked to a darker shade of grey.

Turning Kelly can see a brown smear covering their entire butt. Going behind Laura they can see a massive load sitting in her thermals. “Wow mommy you made a big mess! Can I feel it?” Kelly is pratically bouncing with excitement. “Okay but only for a little bit than we get a shower.” Laura spends the next few minutes bent over the bed, red-faced with bemused embarrassment as Kelly squishes her mess and kneads her cheeks.

After a long hot shower and dinner Laura sits a nervous Kelly down for a talk. “Is everything okay?”

“Yes Kelly, I just want to talk about a few things….. So, when I first adopted you I did not expect this relationship to be so sexual”

“Oh God! I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make you feel bad, please don’t” Laura holds a finger up to Kelly’s lips in a shushing gesture “It’s been a pleasant surprise. Like I said few people have been able to make me feel like this, and it’s awakened a side of me that’s been dormant for the past year” Kelly looks confused “Would it surprise you to learn that I’m a switch/versatile and have been active in the local kink scene?”

“Not really?” Understanding dawns on Kelly face “Oh we’re having the establishing scene ground rules and consent talk!”

“Correct” Laura has a proud smile on her face, she loves how bright her Little is. “I take it that considering you’re part of group on your planet that always wanted to be like our Littles, you we’re at least somewhat active in the scene?”

“Yeah, I was never really into the sadomasochism side, but I did go to a few ABDL meets and I experimented with light bondage with a few of my partners/sex friends.”

“That’s going to make this so much easier. Kelly, would you be okay with me occasionally initiating surprise sexual contact and or mock punishments?”

“Yeah that sounds like fun!” Kelly is fidgeting and stimming from nervous excitement “You feel good using the stoplight system Kelly?”

“Yeah that’s my preferred method, if I space do you want a nonverbal signal?”

“Pinch me three times in rapid succession?”

“Sounds good.”

“Any hard limits Kelly that I should know about?” 

“No impact besides spanking and no force feeding.”

“Are you comfortable with me arranging accidents? Including programming a secret trigger for your shunt?”

“Hell yes!” she would never trust anyone beside Laura with that level of control over her body, but she knows with absolute certainty that Laura will never hurt her. That she is safe and can let go completely. “What about regressing you or treating you younger? I’ve always wanted to mother a cute AB Little?”

“I don’t know it’s not really my scene but maybe? I’m not opposed to trying.”

“We’ll shelve that one for later then…… Well then I think it’s time to relax with a little tv before bed.” Kelly snuggles up to Laura amazed at the wonderful turn things have taken.

*059*2018-03-01 16:45

Just as heads their is going to be a light mock punishment scene. Nothing bad just Kelly and Laura doing some sexy playful roughhousing ;).

The next two days are spent exploring the slopes and by the end both Laura and Kelly are tired and kind of sore so on Friday they decided to take it easy for the last two days. They spend it exploring the nearby town checking out shops before catching an improv show at a local brewpub. It’s close to midnight before the head back, changing into sleep shorts and Ts before curling up in front of the fire. Kelly has a good buzz going, Amazon beer has an incredibly high ABV and its making her feel a little wild. Kelly suddenly has a wonderfully, wickedly, awful idea. 

She wants to be naughty, she wants to get Laura all worked up. Kelly is about to unleash her inner Brat. They can feel their bulging bladder swollen with several pints plus a lot of water they drank to stay hydrated. Kelly so desperately wants to feel that pouring out of them. So, they let go. A dark patch appears on Kelly’s peach sleep shorts that rapidly expands the thin fabric can’t hold back the flood. Kelly is warm and soaked and is now drenching Laura’s lap. “Kelly what the hell!” Laura seems confused for a few seconds before she gets the idea.

As the stream tapers of Kelly has soaked both themselves, Laura, the couch and the floor. Kelly is wearing a shit eating grin and Laura has a hungry almost predatory look on her face. “And just what do you have to say for yourself Kelly Westerton? I take it that wasn’t an accident?” Laura sternly inquires, Kelly in a sing song voice “Nope I just wanted to piss on mommy’s lap.”

“I don’t what’s gotten into you, probably all that nasty alcohol. Well a spanking and enema should get it out of your system.”

Laura rapidly strips Kelly’s pajamas and takes her own shorts off before placing Kelly sideways across her lap…..

*061*2018-03-01 17:06

{{12 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

And she gives Kelly a nice swat on her booty

}}

Kelly is going to get a very thorough spanking and love every second of it ;)

*063*2018-03-04 00:59

SMACK! “EYAH!!!” Laura delivers a stinging slap to Kelly’s bottom “I know you Kelly girl you have a secret naughty side, you need to be punished. That’s why you pissed all over mommy’s lap you wanted attention. Am I right?”

“No!” SMACK! “Okay yes, I’m sorry, please mommy make me a good girl!” Laura is giving a masterful showing, relishing the enunciation of every word, despite her stern tone, there is a distinct playful tinge to her words. “Don’t worry I’m going to give you all the attention you need. I’m going help you be a good girl. Thirty spankings should do it…..

Those last two don’t count.” Kelly audibly swallows. CRACK!! “YEEP!!” and so it goes. Laura’s skill is evident as she gives Kelly’s cheeks a rosy shine. She alternates the timing so Kelly never knows when to expect it. The anticipation and surprise amplifying the shock, increasing both pain and pleasure. By the twelfth spanking Kelly’s surprised yelps are mixed with labored panting and rather lewd sounding moans as they grind themselves against Laura’s lap. “Oh, Fuck Yes! Laura, mommy make me your good little girl!” By spanking twenty-two however Kelly’s poor battered bottom cannot take any more.

“Yellow!” Laura pulls Kelly up and whispers in her ear “You okay love? Do you need a break?”

“Yeah just for a minute. The spirit is willing, but the ass is weak.” Laura and Kelly crack up over how terrible that joke was “Do you want to move on to the next stage?”

“Yes please mommy, I want you to make me a good girl.” Kelly using her singsong voice. “God you are so precious, don’t worry baby the next part should be easier. All you have to do is lie back and take your medicine. Let’s get you something to rehydrate with.” Laura gingerly carries Kelly up the stairs while she sucks Gatorade out of a sports bottle, careful of her red and sore bottom. Once Kelly has recovered the next stage of her punishment will begin…..

Laura lays down a towel on the side of the large jacuzzi tub which is easily bench sized for Kelly. At Laura’s prompting she gets up onto the towel on her hands and knees. “This should makes things feel a whole lot better…” Laura begins to rub some sort of soothing cream into Kelly’s sore backside. “Mmmmm” Kelly moans in relief as Laura spends several minutes working the cream in before her hands move to Kelly’s crevice. After circling Kelly’s rosebud Laura slides to fingers all the way in. “Ohhhhh” Kelly moans and begins thrusting back against the invading fingers as Laura thrusts in and out for a few seconds before withdrawing. Causing Kelly to let out a disappointed whine.

The sounds of running water can be heard for a couple minutes before Kelly feels something new pushing past her sphincter.

*065*2018-03-04 03:02

{{20 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was excellent cant wait to read more

}}

Laura's gonna fill Kelly's but

*067*2018-03-04 03:45

{{15 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol o lawd Kelly is in for it now

}}

*069*2018-03-04 19:15

They are then treated to the strange sensation of warm water slowly filling their bowels. It’s actually kinda pleasant until the cramps hit. Seeing this Laura maneuvers Kelly onto their back and begins to gently massage their stomach. “Feels better?”

“Yeah thank you Laura. It’s weird how full I feel.” After a few minutes Laura removes the nozzle and inserts a plug. “Just got a give it another few minutes to work baby.” As Laura holds them in her lap Kelly is surprised at just how swollen their stomach looks. After the time is up Laura moves Kelly to the sink and spreads her legs. The way she is seated Kelly’s intimate areas are readily visible in the mirror. She can actually see the plug sticking out of her back entrance. “Okay Kelly when I remove the plug all that nasty stuff that was making you naughty is going to come shooting out, don’t fight it, okay?”

“Yes mom.”

“Good girl.”

Laura pulls the plug and Kelly has a front row seat as her butt turns into a fountain. She can see the water shooting out of her and splattering into the sink. First a dirty brown color, then clear. After the flow stops Laura slides her lubricated index finger into Kelly and begins to poke around. “Just checking to make sure we got everything.” When she pulls out Kelly makes another disappointed whining sound then a gasp of surprise as Laura sticks the finger in her mouth giving it a few sucks. “Clean enough to eat out of.” She says with a sly grin plastered across her face. Kelly’s little clit is sticking straight up. After wiping, drying and helping Kelly get down Laura turns to them. “Feel better?”

“Extremely! thank you so much for helping me. I just get naughty when…..”

“Yes Kelly?” Kelly is blushing and kicking their foot against the floor as they whisper “When I get horny…..” Laura pulls Kelly into a hug. “That’s okay Kelly girl I’m always here for you and I’m happy to help you get it out of your system.”

“Thank you it wasn’t even the spanking itself I liked. It was that playful fight for control before ‘losing’, knowing that I could get things out in the open, just Be, lose myself in the moment, the sensation and that you would make it okay. I love you so much Laura.”

“I love you to Kelly” The two hold each other in a tight embrace curled up against the tub as the tears flow.

*071*2018-03-08 02:40

“Laura?”

“Yes dear?”

“I made a complete mess of your lap…”

“It’s okay.”

“I know but I still feel bad…. Can I help you get cleaned up?”

“Of course, you are such a good girl” Laura kisses Kelly on the head before getting up and running a bath. Plopping herself and Kelly down she then grabs a wash cloth and hands it to Kelly. Starting with Laura’s feet they slowly and gently work their way up, clearing away the days sweat and grime, plus their pee. Reaching Laura’s thighs, they begin to knead and massage in addition to washing. Laura has a “this is nice” checked out look on her face. The Kelly begins to tenderly scrub Laura’s vulva. Dropping the wash cloth, she runs a teasing finger up the length of Laura’s slit, causing her to let out a startled gasp. Laura and Kelly’s eye lock before Kelly dives in. Doing with her tongue what she just did with her fingers. “Ohhhhhh shit baby! What are you doing?” Laura frames it as question but it comes out as more of an exclamation. “Trying to make you feel good mommy.” Is Kelly’s innocent reply.

“Well it’s working.” Kelly beings to slowly ramp up tracing her fingers and tongue around Laura’s pubic area before sliding first one, then two, then three fingers end. Massaging the warm pulsing walls of Laura vagina as their tongue does the same to her lips. “Oh God Kelly!” Laura’s breathing has become quite heavy. “Your doing so good baby. You’re such a good girl! You like frenching mommies love box, kissing her snatch?”

“It’s so fucking delicious! You taste so good! But there’s one other I want to try…” Kelly gives Laura a wicked smile before diving lower and planting a kiss directly on Laura’s anus. Then she resumes her enthusiastic oral exploration. Laura moans in delight “You are such a wicked naughty dirty girl Kelly but also the most wonderful and good one. You like the taste of mommy’s butthole?” Laura’s voice is teasing, Kelly’s only response is an enthusiastic “Mmhhhhh!” and to stick a finger in before going for the kill circling Laura’s clit. Laura’s held rolls back and she flops back against the tub riding our a very satisfying climax.

*073*2018-03-08 04:29

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol Laura just don't fart XD

}}

I honestly I don't think Kelly would mind....

*075*2018-03-08 22:27

Looking at Kelly, Laura smiles “Since you’ve been such a good girl and taken your punishment I think it’s time for a reward.” Pulling Kelly close so that their privates are touching Laura then resuming fingering Kelly’s tight little rosebud. Kelly is completely zoned out moaning and breathing heavily. She can feel her little clit sliding against Laura’s lips. It’s so soft, squishy, warm and wet. It feels amazing. “That’s it Kelly I am so proud of you for taking care of me like that. Now it’s your turn baby. I want you to make a nice sticky cummy all over mommy’s tummy and pussy.” An overstimulated Kelly pops off in less than two minutes with a low groan, her girl cum splashing against Laura’s sex and stomach. Both are spent and quickly rinse off before collapsing onto the bed.

The next couple days are spent at nearby spa and hot springs. Facials, hot stone massages, saunas and the springs have Kelly feeling the most relaxed she’s been in years. But like all vacations it has to end. Laura and Kelly are standing on the porch looking out at the mountains. “Ready Kelly?”

“Nervous but so ready.” Kelly gives Laura a thumbs up gesture. “Is it going to hurt?”

“You may experience some slight nausea and disorientation, but your body is completely healed. You’ll need physio to learn how to use some of the extra features but otherwise your good to go.”

“Awesome I can’t wait, but I’m scared it’s not going to be what I thought it was or that something went wrong…” Kelley is shifting from foot to foot. Laura kneels down placing her hands on their shoulders. “I here and I’m going to make sure everything is fine, that’s the life I chose, to always be there for you.” Tears are starting form in Kelly’s eyes. “You have such big feelings Kelly girl, it’s one of the things I love about you….. That and you look so god damn cute when you’re like this…..” Laura boops Kelly’s nose with her finger causing Kelly to break out into a fit of giggles as Laura pulls her in close hugging them to her chest. Holographic letters begin counting down, then everything goes black.

*077*2018-03-15 20:59

When Kelly wakes everything is blurry at first. Then she can see the outlines of people standing over her. It’s Laura and one of the nurses. “How are you feeling Kelly?”

“Okay kinda dizzy and out of it.”

“That’s perfectly normal, your brain is getting used to having input from your actual body again. I’m just going to give you a quick once over and then you two can go get cleaned up.” The nurse quickly checks Kelly’s vitals and motor responses. Satisfied that everything is working normally. She leaves the two alone closing the door. “Well are you ready?” Laura is wearing an excited but nervous smile that matches Kelly’s. Her hospital gown can’t quite hide the large diaper sagging between her legs. “No but let’s do this…”

Laura scoops Kelly and up and takes them into the bathroom. Placing Kelly on the sink so that they are standing there is a pause before Laura takes off Kelly’s hospital gown and rips the tapes off their diaper. Gasping in astonishment Kelly looks in the mirror then looks down and sees a gorgeous feminine sex between her legs. Taking her hands she begins slowly feel and manipulate the plump pink lips before sliding a finger experimentally inside and gasping in shock at the sensation. “Oh! Oh shit! I’ve never felt anything like that before! Laura thank you! It’s like ever sense I met you I feel right for the first time in like ever and now…” Kelly hugs Laura tightly her voice quavering with emotions “Laura… I want.. I want you to be the first person to touch my new body… Please?” Laura smiles before taking off her hospital gown and tearing off her soggy diaper throwing it into the trash with a wet plop.

Scooping Kell up she takes them into the shower and gently caresses Kelly as she washes feeling new curves and the slightly different feel of their skin. Washing their hair before doing their chest and back. Kelly practically purring in appreciation as Laura massages her new c-cups. Then the moment truth Laura’s hand cups Kell’s new womanhood and she explodes trembling under the warm water as Laura holds her.

