Camping Moms

Author: Lasius

*000*2024-11-23 19:10

Hi, this is the first story i post. English is not my first language so be gentle please.

Also, its kind of an origin story, or more of an appetizer, i try to get a second chapter with more action out soon.

This first thing might be a bit lame, much to tame.

But its a start,

Here is the first part.

Enjoy....i hope.

Emma pulled her sleek, silver sedan into the gravel-covered parking lot, the crunch of rocks beneath the tires echoing through the car's cabin. She took a deep breath, feeling the weight of the last decade fall away as she stepped out into the cool evening air. The scent of pine trees wafted over from the nearby forest, a stark contrast to the sterile office environments she'd become so accustomed to. Her eyes scanned the area, searching for the familiar faces she hadn't seen in what felt like an eternity.

Lisa emerged from her mini van, the trunk popping open to reveal an organized array of camping gear. Her black hair was cut in a stylish bob that framed her face. The tent she'd brought looked like a miniature castle amidst the chaos of packed supplies.

She waved her hand, the silver bracelet on her wrist glinting in the sunlight, and called out, "Em, over here!"

Emma's eyes lit up at the sight of her friend, and she quickened her pace. "Lisa? Damn, you look different."

They shared a warm embrace, their laughter mingling with the distant chirp of crickets.

Rachel pulled up in her sturdy pickup truck, the tailgate bouncing as it came to a stop. She hopped out, her curly brown hair bouncing with the movement, and slammed the door with a grin.

"Damn, i'm not the first, i get old!" she exclaimed, striding towards them with a pack slung over her shoulder. Her jeans and flannel shirt suited the ruggedness of the outdoors she loved.

The three greeted each other with the ease of old friends reunited, their laughter carrying over the quiet parking lot. Rachel grabbed a few items from her truck, her eyes twinkling with excitement as she took in the mountainous backdrop.

"This place is gorgeous, isn't it?" she asked, gesturing towards the towering pines that lined the path leading to their campsite.

"It is, but we should wait for the others, the tent is that easy to move around." Lisa says, gesturing to the large, six-man tent that was still in its pack.

Rachel nods, her eyes scanning the parking lot for any signs of their other friends.

A bit away a woman stood by her car, seemingly a bit lost. Rachel looks and pointed the others to her.

"Could this be Jane? She reminds me of her anyway." The others now looked closer. Sure enough, it was Jane. Rachel waved her over with an enthusiastic yell.

The three go to her, Jane always was kinda shy, seems that havent change.

"Jane, it's been too long!" Rachel called out as she approached the marketing guru, who looked a bit flustered as she tried to organize her own pile of camping gear.

"Uhm....Rachel?" Jane replied with a tentative smile, her voice a bit shaky from nerves. Rachel laughed, "Come on, we're all getting old but not that much!"

Jane smiles and also notices Emma and Lisa, greeting them as well. "You guys look amazing, I can't believe it's been so long!" Emma, got closer and hugged her, she always had a little crush on Jane in her youth. "You too, Jane." she said, the nickname bringing a warm blush to Jane's cheeks. Lisa came closer and laid a hand on Janes shoulder. "It's been to long."

A car came to a stand beside them, as the toned windows came down a woman looked at them. "Hey, is this the retirements meeting place?" a sassy grin played on her lips.

Rachel laughed, "Lilly, you're late as always!"

Lilly shook her head. "Nope, i'm pretty sure there is one left, let me park first." with this she drove to the next free spot.

"She did not change a bit." Rachel whispered to the others, watching Lilly park.

They chuckled in agreement. As her car stood still Lilly came to the others, giving each a big hug. "So, Lynn still coming?" she asked, hoping that they would all be together again.

Rachel nodded, "She said she's on her way, just had some last-minute work stuff to deal with."

But a second later another car pulled up. Lynn parked a bit crooked but she was to eager to meet her old friends.

"Girls?!" she yelled as she exited her car, her auburn hair cascading down her back. She looked around and spotted them, waving like a child seeing their favorite ice cream truck. She had changed a bit, her eyes had lines around them from too much work and not enough sleep but she was still the same fun-loving person they knew.

They all got together and shared a few of long overdue hugs.

"Its been way too long, girls. Lets make this at least a yearly thing!" Lynn suggested, her voice filled with excitement.

They nodded in agreement, the thought of reconnecting annually bringing a sense of comfort to each of them. With a mix of nostalgia and excitement, they began to unload their cars, passing the tent and various bags of supplies between them as they headed down the winding path towards their reserved campsite.

Lisa had the number written down on her hand, a little thing she kept from her youth. After a few minutes they arrived at the lot with the same number.

"Here it is." Rachel said with a nod, dropping her pack and taking a look around.

"It's more secluded than I thought." she added, eyeing the space between the trees that surrounded them.

"Its great, we can be like back in the days. I'm pretty sure we loved being unsupervised." Emma grinned, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

The secluded lot indeed offered a cozy nook of privacy, nestled between the towering pines and a gentle stream that whispered secrets as it meandered through the campsite.

"I thought you are a lawyer or something." Lilly quipped, nudging her playfully.

"I am, i defend the law, still does not mean i don't know how to break a few rules."

Lynn chimed in. "I would say you are predestined to breaking a few rules and get away with it."

Lisa was already at unpacking the tent. "Could you stop yapping and lend me a hand. We better get this up now. Can be a bit of a pain in the ass."

Rachel chuckled, grabbing a few stakes and moving to help her friend. The tent was indeed a beast to set up, but with their combined strength and Lisa's meticulous instructions, it began to take shape.

Everyone lend a hand, cursing and laughing as they wrestled with the tent poles and fabric. The instructions seemed to be written in an alien language, but their collective determination to not be beaten by a piece of outdoor equipment was unwavering. Jane, the most meticulous of the bunch, studied the instructions with a furrowed brow. "Okay, I think we got it." she finally said, holding up the last pole with a triumphant flourish.

It took a while to pitch the tent, but then it was standing tall and proud, a testament to their collective stubbornness and friendship. They stepped back, admiring their handiwork.

"Not too shabby." Lisa said with a satisfied smile. "It's like a palace compared to our college dorm tents." Emma quipped, earning a round of laughter.

"Thanks to my husband, he loves the outdoors....and luxury alike." Lisa chuckled, pointing to the tent. "He insisted we had to have this monstrosity for any family trips. But that's our little secret."

"Well, you have two kids, so room is a priority." Rachel said with a knowing smile, as she handed Lisa a hammer to secure the final stake.

The sound of metal hitting metal resonated through the quiet forest.

"And lovely little monsters they are." Lisa's smile grew wider, and Rachel could see the love in her eyes as she talked about her family.

Lilly looked to them.

"Girls, i'm sure we all love our families but for now, let's leave our domestic lives behind. This weekend is about us, remember?" Her sassy tone brought forth another round of laughter. They all nodded in agreement, eager to escape the routines of work and family. Only Lynn could not fully enjoy the laughter.

Lilly noticed and came to her. "Hey, i didn't mean to rub salt on the wound." she whispered, her humor fading to concern. Lynn waved it off. "I'm fine, really." she said, her voice a tad shaky. Rachel looked at her, knowing all too well that Lynn had gone through a tough divorce. Rachel wrapped an arm around her. "You are here now, lets focus on us."

Lynn nodded. "Yeah, also i'm not too old for kids. I might just surprise you all and bring a plus one next time." she said, her voice carrying a hint of hope.

"You will find someone." Jane assured her, her shy eyes meeting Lynn's with a gentle smile. "And we'll be here for you, always."

The mood got better again after that, they all had lots of catch up to do. They started to build a fire pit and gathering wood.

"We are going to need a lot of this." Rachel said, holding up a handful of twigs.

"I'm on it!" Emma said, walking towards the woods.

"But don't go too far, we don't want to startle any bears." Rachel joked.

"Oh, I've faced worse in the courtroom." Emma shot back, her blue eyes glinting with confidence.

Jane cam to Lisa, a bit reticent and asked about the facilities. "There are showers and toilets a bit away from here." Jane nodded and went to grab her toiletries, she had to admit that she was a bit nervous about the whole camping ordeal.

Rachel saw this, "You know, we can always go together." she offered. Jane's eyes lit up and she took Rachel's hand. "Thank you, Rachel." Rachel winked, "What are friends for?"

They strolled down the dirt path, their shoes sinking slightly into the soft earth. Rachel pointed out the bathroom sign with an arrow, their destination clear. The path grew narrower as they ventured deeper into the woods, the trees looming tall and ancient above them.

Rachel spoke up, "You know, when we were teens, I never knew you were shy about camping."

Jane blushed a bit. "The garden is different from here."

Rachel nodded, her curly hair bobbing with understanding.

"But we've all survived worse, right?" Rachel gave her a reassuring pat on the back.

"Thank you Rachel." Jane smiled. Its true at mid 30 she should not be so intimidated by nature but she couldn't shake the feeling of unease.

"So, tell me more about your son, hows he doing?" Rachel asked, trying to keep the conversation light as they approached the bathroom.

"Great, he just won the school science fair." Jane said, her voice filling with pride.

"And how about your bakery?" Jane inquired, changing the subject.

Rachel's eyes lit up. "It's going well, actually. Got some new recipes to try out." she said with a mischievous smile. Jane smiled back.

The way to the toilets was actually quite a little hike, they walked nearly 10 minutes.

"Its rather far. We should warn the others."

Rachel nodded. "We will do that as soon as we are finished here."

They both got into their cubicle.

Rachel pulled down her pants and underwear and sat down, a few seconds later her stream hit the bowl. Jane on the other hand looked a bit shocked at her panties, a small wet spot was there. She should have asked sooner, she thought. But she was happy that it was just the tiniest spurt that escaped as she sat down, it took her a while to begin from nervousness.

As it started Janes stream had quite a bit of power behind it, Rachel could hear the water hit the porcelain from her own stall, but kept silent, not to make it worse for Jane.

Once again Jane reddened a bit, she was embarrassed. The yellow liquid pushed past her lips and parted them a bit. She shaved for her husband so she could see everything without obstruction as she dapped toilet paper on the wet spot.

Rachel was done quicker and already washed her hands.

"I wait outside for you." she said and left the bathroom.

Jane took her sweet time to wash and clean up. Then she returned to Rachel and they both hiked back to their friends.

"Took you a while." Lilly said as she saw them.

Rachel just winked at her. "Yeah, there is only the scenic route."

Jane was a bit embarrassed. "Its actually quite a way." she said.

"Good to know." Lynn said, noticing Janes discomfort.

"Well, but for now. How about hot dogs?" Rachel said, already rummaging through the cooler.

They had brought enough supplies to last them a week.

"But we are adults now, we should do something more sophisticated." Emma suggested.

"Like what, a fondue?" Lilly quipped, making them all laugh.

"Em, dear, we are at a camping place, in case you didn't see the trees around us." Lynn said with a smile.

Emma giggled, for a moment she was in business meeting mode.

"Yeah...sorry, must be the lawyer in me." she said, snapping out of it.

Lisa patted her back. "Don't worry, we get the old Em out faster then you can sue us."

A round of laughter gone through the group, Emma joined. This was no business affair, that were her friends. Sure they hadn't seen each other in a decade but still.

The hot dog's were no high cuisine but they did break the ice. They roasted them over the open flame, their sizzling sound a comforting backdrop to their stories of the past decade. The flames danced in their eyes as they spoke of their children, their careers, and the men in their lives.

And soon after the food was eaten old stories began to surface. The laughter grew louder and louder.

After a especially funny remark from Lynn Lisa doubled over.

"Oh shit i remember that! That was epic!" Lisa couldn't catch a break, her laughter bubbled up and got more and more.

But as the laughter reached its peak, she felt it, a warm spurt of pee escaped her and landed in her panties.

"Fuck!" she screamed but her laughter did not slow down much.

The others looked shocked.

"Lisa?" Jane asked concerned.

"I forgot my fucking pads, you guys." Lisa managed to say between giggles, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment.

"My bladder is like a fucking sieve after two kids."

Rachel and Lynn burst into laughter again, knowing all too well the post-baby woes.

Emma leaned over, her expression a mix of concern and mirth.

"Lisa, have you talked to a doctor about that?" she asked, wiping a tear from her eye.

"It's not just the pregnancies, it's always been an issue." Lisa replied, shrugging.

"The second one just... sealed the deal."

Rachel handed her a napkin from the picnic table, "Here, at least try to clean up."

"No time. I have to go now! Uhm....the toilets are a way right?" Lisa asked.

Rachel and Jane nodded.

"Just piss in the bushes." Lilly suggested, a devilish twinkle in her eye.

"Good idea." Lisa walked a few steps, her friends eyes on her.

She took a few more steps away from the fire and the group, but she couldn't hold it in any longer. "Fuck it, no chance of making it!" Lisa exclaimed, the urgency in her voice palpable.

She yanked down her pants and squatted right there, her pee creating a dark, warm puddle on the forest floor as it gushed out from her pussy.

The others watched in a mix of shock and amusement, their laughter subsiding into chuckles.

"Sorry guys, it was this or a full on wetting." Lisa laughed, her pussy with the carpet of pubic hair in plain sight. Her position let all take a good look who dared to watch, and the way she spread her legs opened her lips just enough to let the pink insides be seen.

"Well, that's one way to get back to nature." Rachel quipped, her laughter bubbling up again as she watched Lisa relieve herself.

The sound of liquid splashing on the ground was oddly liberating, a stark contrast to their usually pristine and controlled lives.

"No harm done, Lisa. We wont pull you to court for public urination." Emma said, her eyes sparkling with humor. "And if someone else tries it i will defend you for free."

They all laughed even harder. Lisa's stream bopped a bit with her laughter, splashing in the growing puddle between her feet. It was a moment of pure, unfiltered reality that they hadn't experienced in a long time.

"Its a good thing we are the only ones here," Rachel said, wiping her eyes. "Or we'd have an audience."

Lisa's stream slowed to a trickle as she wiggled her ass.

"Would not be the first time. At least this time its all my friends. We all saw each other pee at one point." Lisa stood back up again and pulled her pants back up.

Lilly made a strange face. "You stay in those pants?"

Lisa shrugged. "Don't have that much changing clothes with me, so yes. It's just a bit of pee, and who knows what will happen further down the line."

Emma and Lynn couldn't help but tease her.

"Well, if we need to mark our territory, you've got a head start," Lynn said, her eyes dancing with mischief.

The group erupted in laughter once again, the tension of Lisa's little accident dissipating into the night air. Even Lilly just shrugged her shoulders, it wasn't her pants, and honestly, as a mother you learn to tolerate a bit of pee.

They all go on to have a good time. Lynn watched the hand sized spot a few times, remembering her own little accident. But the way Lisa handled it so nonchalant was inspiring. It was almost liberating.

*001*2024-11-28 09:14

Hello again! If anyone has tips for formatting, im so bad with this in forums. The text file looks clean and nice and here its all over the place.... im sorry. Do i do something wrong? Some lines are far apart others are close together....seemingly random...

I hope its still somewhat readable.

Have fun with

Part 2

The day moved on with tales of laughter, love, and life's little quirks. As the sun started to dip lower in the sky. That was the moment Rachel pulled out the marshmallows and crackers.

"Okay girls, desert time." Rachel grinned.

"Oh, not without the perfect drink." Lilly chimed in, rummaging through her backpack before pulling out a bottle of whiskey with a flourish.

"Lilly, really?" Rachel asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Come on, Rachel, don't be a stick in the butt." Lilly replied with a wink, her sassyness never failing to lighten the mood.

Emma chuckled, taking a marshmallow and skewering it with a stick.

"You know me, I'm not much of a drinker." Jane protested, though her voice lacked conviction.

"We know, Jane." Rachel said. "But it's not every day we get to do this. Just one won't kill you."

Jane rolled her eyes but couldn't hide her smile.

"Alright, fine." she conceded, "But just one."

Lilly popped the cap off the whiskey bottle with a satisfying hiss, pouring a generous amount into each of their cups. She raised hers in a toast.

"To us, the unsung heroes of our own lives!" she declared dramatically.

The others clinked their cups together, the sound echoing through the campsite. They took a sip, the fiery liquid burning a path down their throats, leaving a warm trail in its wake. Jane coughed a bit, her eyes watering, but she managed to keep a straight face.

The whiskey made their cheeks rosy and their laughter louder. They roasted marshmallows, their sugary goodness melting into the crunch of graham crackers, creating the perfect s'mores. Each bite brought back memories of their youth, when the world seemed so much simpler.

"Remember the time we snuck into the school pool at night?" Emma asked, her eyes twinkling with mischief.

"Oh, God, yes!" Rachel said, chuckling, "And you almost got us caught by Mr. Jenkins."

They all burst into laughter, remembering the terrifying yet exhilarating experience. Jane's blush deepened, taking another sip of her drink. She had never been much of a troublemaker, but with her friends, she felt like she could do anything.

"The worst thing was how we had to wait till he left." Lilly remarked.

"I don't know, it was cozy in there, pressed like sardines with my besties." Lisa said.

"We were naked!" Lilly exclaimed.

Lynn laughs. "Yeah, and that's why we will never forget it."

They all chuckled, the memory bringing a warmth to their hearts. Rachel leaned back in her camping chair.

"And here we are, all these years later, still getting into trouble." Rachel said, her voice filled with affection.

"And loving every minute of it." Lynn added, raising her cup in a toast.

They all clinked their drinks together again, the whiskey adding a warm glow to their cheeks as they took another sip.

Emma looked around the circle, her eyes sparkling with an idea.

"You know what we should do?" she suggested mischievously. "Truth or dare."

The others looked at her with skepticism.

"Em, we're not teenagers anymore," Rachel said, a hint of doubt in her voice.

"That's exactly why we should do it," Emma countered, her eyes gleaming. "Life's too short to not live a little. Besides, we're all adults now. We can handle it."

Jane's cheeks turned a deep shade of red. "But what if the dares get..." she trailed off, searching for the right word.

"Spicy?" Lilly offered with a grin.

"Yes." Jane said, her voice a bit quieter.

Emma leaned in, her gaze unwavering.

"That's the whole point, Jane. We're here to let loose. And who knows, we might learn something new about each other."

Rachel chuckled, the whiskey loosening her inhibitions. "Alright, you've got a point. But i'm married, so i wont do anything too daring in that regard."

They all nodded in agreement, the atmosphere shifting as they set the rule for the game.

The whiskey made the flame of excitement flicker in their eyes.

"Okay, then," Lisa said, "no dares that could cause relationship drama. Just fun and games."

"And if someone's not comfortable with a truth or dare, they can pass." Jane added, sipping her whiskey.

"With a penalty! If you pass, you owe us something." Lynn exclaimed, her voice echoing the excitement in the air.

They all nodded, eager to dive into the nostalgic game with a grown-up twist.

Rachel, feeling bold from the whiskey, decided to start. "Lilly, truth or dare?" she asked, a smirk playing on her lips.

Lilly rolled her eyes dramatically, but her cheeks flushed with anticipation.

"Truth." she said, her tone a mix of challenge and playfulness.

Rachel leaned in, her eyes gleaming with curiosity. "How many people have you been with since we last saw each other?"

"One." Lilly replied after a brief pause, a smirk playing on her lips.

Rachel raised an eyebrow. "Just one?"

"Well, after that shit show with my school crush, I swore off men for a while." she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

"Then, I met the love of my life, the one who makes me laugh until my stomach hurts and doesn't mind cleaning up after the kids." Her eyes took on a dreamy quality as she talked about her husband.

"Well, look who tamed the beast." Lynn teased, her voice light with affection. "I always knew you had a soft spot for the right person, Lilly."

"Tamed is the wrong word, Lynn. I found someone who appreciates my wild side." Lilly retorted with a smug grin.

Lisa pulled a die out of her backpack.

"This should help us with chosing who's next." she said with a grin.

Rachel nodded . "Okay, whoever rolls a six gets to decide who goes next."

They all agreed and took turns rolling the die, their giggles filling the night air as they watched the die tumble in the little box. Since they all sat on logs without a table that was the only way.

Finally, it was Lynn's turn, and she held her breath as the die bobbed in the air before landing in the box with a soft thud. She leaned over to see the result, and her eyes widened when she saw the six staring back at her.

"Well, looks like I'm the decider," she said, her heart racing with excitement and a hint of nervousness. She picked up the die and rolled it again.

"Let's see, who gets to go next?"

The die landed on Jane, and Lynn's eyes gleamed.

"Truth or dare, Jane?" she asked, already knowing what she wanted to ask.

Jane's heart skipped a beat, but she took a deep breath and replied with a shaky smile, "Truth."

The other women leaned in, curious.

"Okay." Lynn began, "have you ever had a crush on a girl?"

Jane's eyes widened, and she took a sip of her whiskey.

"Well, I mean, when we were young, we all had that phase, right?" she replied, her voice a little too loud.

Rachel and Lisa exchanged knowing glances, remembering their own teenage crushes.

"But nothing serious." Jane quickly added, her voice dropping to a murmur.

"Details!" Lynn exclaimed, her cheeks aflame as she nodded.

"Okay, okay, I had a crush on my babysitter when I was like 10 or so." she admitted, her voice cracking a bit with nerves. "It was just a kid thing, you know? Like when you think you're going to marry your dad because he's the coolest person you know?"

Rachel and Lisa nodded, smiling knowingly.

"Her name was Christine. She was in college and she had this amazing laugh that made me feel like the most important person in the room."

They all laugh, not over Jane but with her. At one point of their life's everyone has something like that.

The die was rolled again.

"Okay Rachel, truth or dare?" Emma asked, the firelight flickering across her face.

Rachel took a moment to think before saying "Truth."

The group leaned in, the whiskey making their curiosity more intense.

Emma looked Rachel straight in the eyes, "Who was your first kiss?"

Rachel blushed, remembering the awkward encounter with her cousin.

"Wait a second! I have to piss but i don't want to miss this." Lilly stood up.

Rachel, Emma and the others looked to her.

"And we shall wait for you?" Emma said, knowing the toilet was a while away.

"I wont take long." Lilly stood up and just stepped a few steps aside before she pulled her pants down to her mid thigh, revealing her crotch to the others.

Rachel got wide eyes, not necessarily with the whiskey. She had never seen Lilly's pussy, not since they were teenagers and they had showered together after swimming. But here it was, in full view.

"Hey! You can't just pee here!" Rachel exclaimed.

"I can't? Well, Lisa could and...." Lilly looked between her legs, she stood in a high squat and started to pee, a sly grin on her face as a stream of urine arcs through the air, the golden liquid glimmering in the firelight.

"It seems i can after all." she laughed while peeing.

All started to laugh at Lilly's audacity, her stream of urine cutting through the air with a sound that seemed to harmonize with their laughter. Rachel couldn't believe it, but she had to admit, it was pretty funny. The whiskey had done its job, breaking down the barriers of their usual decorum.

Lilly sighed as her stream leaves her body. Her position did not let the others get a too good look but still. She had a small strip of pubic hair above her pussy, Emma noticed. After a seemingly endless time Lilly stopped and shook her butt.

"Hey moms, anyone got a tissue?"

Rachel threw a napkin to her, still giggling.

"Thanks." Lilly said, taking it to clean herself up.

She gently pushed the napkin against her crotch, wiping the last drops of her piss away, and throwing the tissue in their trash bag. The puddle would get taken care of naturally but she would not let the trash lay around.

Lilly returned to her seat on the log. A little round of applause went around the campfire.

"Okay, Rachel, your truth." Lilly said, eager to hear Rachel's response.

Rachel looked into the flames, her mind racing.

"My first kiss or my 'real' first kiss?" Rachel tried to buy herself time.

Emma grinned. "Gee, if you put it like this....both!"

Rachel took another sip of whiskey, feeling the warmth spread through her body, loosening her tongue.

"Alright, my first kiss was with Tina, my cousin, but it was just an experiment! We were just curious teenagers. But my first 'real' kiss was with Bobby Brown." Rachel said.

"Bobby?!" they all exclaimed in unison, except for Emma, who looked thoughtfully into the fire, sipping her whiskey.

Lisa's eyes lit up with curiosity. "Was it as amazing as we all thought it would be?"

Rachel grins.

"What do you think? We were both horny, stupid teens. It was a slobfest, but hey it was my first kiss."

Lynn grins. "Well, your second."

"But that doesn't count!" Rachel insists, her cheeks a bit flushed from the whiskey.

"It was just us fooling around. It's not like it meant anything. Plus, Tina had braces and she bit my lip!"

The group erupted into laughter again, the sound ringing through the quiet campground.

With their minds and bodies infused with a good amount of liquid courage, the night grew bolder. Rachel's revelation had them all in stitches, and the whiskey's warmth had them feeling invincible. Lisa's eyes shone with mirth, the firelight playing across her cheeks as she laughed so hard she could barely breathe. Suddenly, she froze mid-laugh, her body convulsing in a way that didn't quite match the humor of Rachel's story.

"Shit! Not again!" Lisa gasped, her laughter turning into a strangled sound as she felt a warm gush between her legs. But it was short lived, the laughter winning over again.

"I'm peeing myself!"

"And we did not even dare you to do it!" Lynn quipped, her laughter echoing through the night as she watched Lisa's pee soak through her pants, creating a dark wet spot that grew larger by the second. Rachel couldn't help but snicker, while Emma's eyes widened in shock and then amusement.

The force of Lisa's laughter only seemed to make her pee more, the sound of it hitting the ground joining the symphony of their laughter. It was a moment of pure, silly fun. Lisa's face turned a deep shade of red, but she couldn't wipe the grin off her face. She'd had a few too many accident's to be embarrassed anymore.

Jane moved a bit away, though she was never in danger of getting wet. She couldn't help but feel a mix of amusement and relief that she had managed to avoid Lisa's predicament. Her eyes danced over the expanding dark patch on Lisa's pants, the urine spreading like a blossom across the fabric. It was strange, she thought, that something so embarrassing could be so amusing in the right context.

Lisa's puddle grew as she moved slightly forward not to pee everything on the log. She stabilized herself with her hands as her ass hovered in the air. The relief was written all over her face as the pressure lessened, the warmth spreading down her legs. The pee smell mixed with the campfire smell was an odd but somehow fitting combination in the outdoors. Rachel couldn't stop laughing, watching her friend in this vulnerable, yet liberating moment.

"Fuck, that should be embarrassing, but actually its just great to let go." Lisa said, her voice bubbling with laughter. The sight of Lisa, a successful saleswoman and a mother of two, peeing herself like a child was too much for Rachel. Rachel grabbed her stomach, her laughter turning into snorts.

Jane, usually the more composed one, had to wipe a tear from her eye.

"This is so...so..." she couldn't find the words, she was laughing too hard.

"So...unexpected?" Emma suggested.

Jane nodded, her cheeks aching from smiling so wide. "Yeah, that's it. Unexpected."

Lilly, noticing Jane's amusement, took a sip of her whiskey and leaned in closer to Rachel.

"So, Rachel, tell us more about Bobby Brown. Did you guys ever go all the way?"

Rachel choked on her drink, sputtering whiskey across the fire.

"What? No!" she exclaimed, her eyes wide with shock.

"But you said it was a real kiss!" Lilly teased.

Rachel rolled her eyes, her cheeks flaming red. "It was. But that's all it was."

Lisa's pee came to an end. For a moment she thought about what to do next, she just packed enough clothes for the days they were here. She did not expected to pack for peeing her pants.

"Uhm...girls....i know this will likely disgust a few but i think i just stay like this. It's drying out in the fire anyway." she said, trying to keep her voice calm but the giggles were bubbling in her chest. Rachel and Lynn couldn't hold it anymore. They burst out laughing, tears running down their cheeks.

Emma looked at her, her face a mix of amusement and concern. "You sure, Lisa?" she asked, trying to keep a straight face.

"Yeah, it's fine." Lisa replied, her voice a little wobbly with laughter. "It's not like we're with the queen or so. Besides, I've had worse."

"Worse?" Lilly leaned forward, her curiosity piqued.

"Do tell." she urged, her voice a siren's call for juicy gossip.

"Well." Lisa began, her eyes gleaming with the thrill of the confession, "There was this one time at a concert. Trust me its worse to pee your pants in front of strangers. At least here, we know each other well enough to laugh about it."

Their laughter grew louder, the whiskey making their friendship feel more unbreakable than ever. Rachel couldn't help but feel a little envious of Lisa's carefree attitude. Her own life was so structured, so serious. A small part of her yearned for a moment like this, where she could just let go and not worry about the consequences.

The die was passed around again, and when it was Jane's turn, she took a deep breath.

"Dare." she said, surprising everyone.

Rachel's eyes glinted with mischief. "I dare you to streak around the campfire." she said, her voice a mix of challenge and tease.

Jane's eyes went wide, but she took another sip of whiskey before nodding. "Alright, but only if you all promise not to take any pictures!"

The group promised, their laughter turning to cheers as Jane stood up and unbuttoned her pants. Emma watched, her eyes glued to Janes's shaking hands. She could not remember the last time seeing her friend so daring, so free. Jane took off her shirt, leaving her in just her bra and panties. Emma felt a strange tingle in her stomach, remembering her crush on Jane.

With a final giggle, Jane took off her bra and panties, leaving her bare ass and tits exposed to the cool evening air. Rachel's dare had caught her off guard, but the whiskey had made her bold. She took a deep breath and sprinted around the campfire, her cheeks on fire from both the heat and embarrassment. The cool breeze kissed her skin, making her feel more alive than she had in years.

Emma couldn't help but stare, her eyes drawn to Jane's naked body as it danced around the flames. The flickering light played across Jane's curves, highlighting her soft flesh in a way that was both mesmerizing and arousing. A sudden, unexpected warmth bloomed between her legs, and she realized with a start that she was getting turned on. Her gaze lingered on Jane's breasts, their soft bounce mesmerizing. She quickly averted her eyes, hoping no one noticed her reaction.

As Jane completed her dare with a dramatic flair, collapsing back onto the log with a laugh, then she dressed again.

"Damn, i did not think you would do it." Rachel said, her voice filled with admiration.

Jane blushed, taking the napkin with trembling hands.

"Well, it's not every day you get to do something like that." she said, trying to sound nonchalant. But Emma could see the excitement in her eyes, the thrill of the dare lingering.

The die made its way around the circle again, and this time it was Lynn's turn. She pondered for a moment before choosing truth.

"Okay." Rachel began, her voice low and sultry, "have you ever had a lesbian experience?"

The question hung in the air, thick with anticipation. Lynn took a deep breath, her eyes flicking to the others before landing on back on Rachel. She licked her lips, her mind racing.

"Well, I...uh." she began, her voice trailing off.

Rachel's eyes widened, and Emma felt a jolt of electricity shoot through her.

"Come on, Lynn." Rachel prodded gently. "You know you want to tell."

Lynn took a deep breath and then it bubbled out of her.

"Yes. In college, I had a fling with my roommate."

The confession was met with gasps and excited looks.

Rachel's eyes glinted with interest, and even Emma found herself leaning in closer, eager to hear more.

"Really?" Emma asked, her curiosity growing. "What was it like?" Her voice was soft, and she hoped the whiskey in her system was enough to mask her nerves.

Lynn took a deep breath, her eyes meeting Emma's for a brief moment.

"It was..." she paused, searching for the right words, "It was amazing, actually. She was so gentle, and we just...connected." The confession was a weight off her chest, but the way Emma's eyes widened and her throat bobbed as she swallowed made Lynn's heart race.

Emma nodded, her mind racing with thoughts she had long buried. "I see," she managed to say, taking a sip of her whiskey. The air was charged with something new, something they hadn't anticipated when they had agreed to play truth or dare.

The next round had Lilly's eyes glinting with mischief as the die pointed to Lynn.

"Truth or dare?" she announced, her voice a whisper that seemed to carry on the wind itself.

Lynn took a deep breath, her heart racing.

"Alright, I'll take the dare." she said, her voice steady despite the butterflies in her stomach.

Lilly leaned in, her voice low and playful. "I dare you to give Emma a lapdance."

Rachel and Jane's jaws dropped open, their eyes going wide. Even Emma looked surprised, a sudden jolt of excitement that shot through her.

"What?" Lynn sputtered, her cheeks reddening.

"But, I'm..." she trailed off, unsure of what to say. "You're both single, and we're all just having fun," Lilly said, her voice filled with a daring challenge.

"You can't back down now!" Rachel and Jane looked on with anticipation, their whiskey-flushed faces reflecting the flickering firelight.

Emma's heart raced. She knew she had to tread carefully.

"I don't know, guys." she said, playing it cool. "We're all just a bit tipsy, aren't we?"

But deep down, the thought of Lynn's body pressed against hers sent a thrill through her that she hadn't felt in a very long time. The whiskey had loosened her inhibitions, and she found herself wanting to take the risk.

Rachel and Jane, noticing the tension, egged them on.

"Come on, Em, it's just for fun!" Lisa said, winking.

Jane nodded, a knowing smile playing on her lips.

"We won't judge." she assured her.

With a deep breath, Emma made her decision.

"Alright." she said, her voice low and steady. "But just this once. And if anyone tells anyone else, I'll know who to blame. And i'll sue your asses!"

Rachel. Lisa and Jane cheered, while Lynn's eyes sparkled with excitement. They had all agreed on the no-picture rule, so Emma felt a bit more at ease.

Lynn stood up, her body swaying slightly as she approached Emma. The die had rolled, and the dare was set. They had all agreed to the rules, but Emma couldn't help but feel a knot in her stomach.

Emma's eyes searched Lynn's as she approached, trying to read the emotions swirling behind them. Lynn's face was a mask of determination, her eyes focused on the task at hand.

As the music began to play, she stepped closer to Emma, their bodies almost touching. Rachel and Lisa watched with a mix of shock and excitement, while Jane's gaze remained glued to the two, her cheeks flushing.

But just as Lynn was about to begin, Emma suddenly put a hand on her arm, stopping her in her tracks. The music continued, the beat echoing through the night like a heart that hadn't yet realized it had stopped.

"Guys." Emma began, her voice shaking slightly. "There's something I need to tell you."

The group fell silent, their smiles fading as they looked at their friend.

Lynn leaned forward, her eyes filled with concern.

"What is it, Em?" she asked.

Emma took a deep breath, her eyes scanning each of her friends' faces.

"I'm gay!" she said finally, the words coming out in a rush that surprised even her.

Rachel and Lisa's expressions morphed from shock to understanding, while Jane's eyes widened in surprise. Lilly and Lynn also looked at her puzzled but then with a mild smile.

"Why didn't you tell us sooner?" Rachel asked gently, reaching out to take Emma's hand.

"I was afraid." Emma admitted, her voice shaking a bit. "I didn't know how you'd react, and I didn't want to ruin our friendship."

Lisa leaned in, her expression a mix of affection and frustration.

"Emma, you should have known better. We've seen each other through everything, from braces to breakups. Why would you think we'd turn our backs on you?"

Lynn nodded in agreement, her gaze soft. "We're your tribe, Em. We love you for who you are, not who you love."

"But we cuddled, we did go skinny dipping," Emma protested, her voice trembling. "How could I not think it would be weird?"

Jane spoke up, her voice firm. "It's not weird, it's just us being close. And now we're closer than ever. You're one of us, no matter what."

Rachel squeezed her hand reassuringly, and even Lilly nodded her agreement.

"But we're mad at you." Lilly added with a grin. "Mad that you didn't trust us enough to share your truth."

The tension in the air dissipated as the group realized that despite the surprise, their friendship remained unshaken.

"Okay, okay." Emma said, a small smile playing on her lips. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner. It's just...it's been a secret for so long."

The group nodded, their faces a mix of understanding and relief.

"Well, it's out now." Rachel said, patting her on the back. "And nothing's going to change because of it."

The whiskey had created a space where secrets could be shared without judgment, where their friendship had been tested and come out stronger than ever. They laughed and hugged, their warmth radiating around the campfire.

Lynn, with a mischievous glint in her eye, turned back to the music and began to sway her hips. She stepped closer to Emma, her body moving with the rhythm. The others watched with a mix of shock and excitement, while Jane's eyes remained on Emma, her expression unreadable.

"Lynn?" Emma asked unsure as the music played on, the beat pulsing through the quiet campground.

Lynn's grin grew wider as she nodded, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

"Come on, you said you'd do it." she reminded Emma, her voice sent a thrill down the blonde's spine.

Emma's heart hammered in her chest as Lynn began to move, her hips swaying to the rhythm. She felt a warmth spreading through her body, pooling in her nether regions.

The others cheered on Lynn and Emma, the tension of the moment dissipating into the cool night air. As Lynn's body moved against hers, Emma felt a cocktail of emotions bubbling up inside her. It was a feeling she hadn't expected. It was not just the excitement of a daring campfire game, but something deeper.

Emma always had a crush on Jane but it was more of a sweet, nostalgic feeling from their school days. Now, with Lynn's daring lap dance, she found herself experiencing a whole new set of feelings. As Lynn's body moved seductively, Emma felt her heart racing and her palms growing slick with anticipation. The whiskey had made her more open to the moment, and she found herself enjoying it more than she would have admitted if she were sober.

But she couldn't help noticing Jane's gaze, the way her eyes never left the spectacle. It was filled with something other than just surprise, it was intrigue, a spark that hadn't been there before. Jane had always been straight, as far as Emma knew. She had talked about her husband and kids, her straight life, with no hint of curiosity towards women. Yet, here she was, her eyes glued to the scene unfolding before her, a small smile playing on her lips.

But Emma soon noticed that Jane's gaze wasn't on her or Lynn, it was on the show they both gave. A slight bit of disappointment came up, but Lynn's movement dissipated it quickly. The other girls cheered and whistled and suddenly Lynn sat herself on Emma's lap and kissed her.

To raging applause and Rachel's shouting "Oh my god!"

The kiss was gentle, almost questioning. Emma's eyes widened, but she didn't pull away. Instead, she found herself leaning in, her own curiosity piqued. The whiskey had indeed loosened her inhibitions, but it was the acceptance from her friends that truly set her free. She felt a warmth spread through her body, a warmth she hadn't felt in a long time.

Lilly started chanting. “Lynn and Emma, sitting on a tree! K – I – S – S – I – N – G!”

Rachel joined on the sitting part and Lisa shortly after, and even Jane started to chant with them at K.

When they broke apart, Emma's cheeks were flushed, and she looked around at the group. Rachel and Lisa were grinning from ear to ear, while Lilly and Jane were clapping and whooping.

"Did you enjoy it like i did?" Lynn whispered in her ear, still sitting on Emma's lap.

Emma looked at her, her heart racing, and nodded.

Lynn looked around and smiled. "I guess they also did enjoy the show."

Everyone was excited from the little show Emma an Lynn had put on.

Lilly grinned. "Tell the truth Emma, are your panties wet?" she teased, nudging Emma.

Rachel and Lisa burst out laughing, while Jane looked on with a smirk.

Emma feigned innocence, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

"Why would you think that?" she said, her voice a low purr that sent a shiver down Lynn's spine. She felt Lynn's body tense slightly, her thighs pressing into hers.

"Because you're blushing like a schoolgirl." Rachel pointed out, her eyes twinkling with amusement.

"And your heart is racing like you just ran a marathon." Lynn whispered in Emma's ear.

Emma smirked, raising an eyebrow at Lynn.

"Maybe I need another dare to get my heart racing even more." she said, her voice dripping with innuendo. Lynn's cheeks reddened, but she didn't move. Instead, she leaned in closer to Emma, her breath warm against her ear.

"How about we take this up a notch?" she whispered, her voice barely audible over the crackling fire.

"I dare you to pee with me. In front of the others."

The others were none the wiser since Lynn whispered in Emma's ear, they were still in a mix between excitement and amusement. But Emma felt a thrill run through her body as Lynn's words sank in. She swallowed hard, her eyes darting around the circle. Rachel, Lisa, and Lilly were all watching her expectantly, their eyes filled with the excitement of the game. Jane, however, was watching with a different expression, one that was harder to read since she was still a bit shyer than the others.

"Make it quick or we share Lisa's fate." Lynn giggled, the pressure in her bladder growing by the second. Emma took a look at Lisa's pants who were still damp from her loss of control a while ago. She nodded to Lynn and they both stood up.

"Getting a room?!" Lilly exclaimed with a playful wink, her cheeky remark cutting through the tension like a hot knife through butter. Rachel and Lisa couldn't hold back their laughter, while Jane's smile grew more knowing.

"Yep, a bathroom. The biggest of them all!" Lynn grinned as she took Emma's hand and walked to the spot where Lilly hat relieved herself earlier.

They both arrived and pulled their pants down, before squatting in plain view of their friends.

"Oh fuck it, nobody will go to the bathroom this night right?" Rachel said with a chuckle, taking a swig from her cup, not even bothering to look away. The whiskey had clearly loosened everyone's inhibitions.

"Seems like it." Lisa said with a laugh, her eyes sparkling in the firelight. "But remember, no photos!"

Lynn spreads her leg a bit wider, the soft pink of her her inner flesh glistening in the fire light. And then her stream starts, splattering out of her pee hole and in front of her. It's a strong arc that landed a good distance from her, and she can't help but feel a bit proud of herself.

Emma watches, her own need to pee growing more and more intense. She takes a deep breath, and then she lets go. Her stream is smaller than Lynn's, but it's steady, and she can't help but feel a bit self-conscious. Here she is, her secret out, her pussy on display, peeing but its a good feeling nonetheless, freeing in many ways.

Their friends watch with a mix of shock and amusement, their laughter bubbling up like the whiskey they had been drinking.

"Don't piss on the fire, you two!" Rachel calls out, her voice filled with laughter.

The flames leap and dance as the pee arcs closer, adding a splash of reality to their playful dare.

"Looks like you're both aiming for the gold." Lilly quips. The tension in the air is replaced with a sense of camaraderie as they all watch the streams of urine hit the ground, the sound of it a strange symphony in the otherwise quiet night.

"Lets cross our streams!" Lynn exclaimed, her voice filled with laughter as she tries to move around, ending in her falling on her butt, still peeing. The laughter starts anew.

Emma looks at Lynn and giggles, her stream getting messy from the shaking. Lynn sits in a growing puddle of her own making. After a while they both come to an end and Lisa gives them tissues to clean up.

"Thanks." Emma says, her voice still filled with excitement.

Lynn has a bit more to clean, her ass smeared with dirt and pee but the mood stays high.

The air was thick with laughter as they sat back down by the fire, their daring deed behind them. Rachel looked at them with a twinkle in her eye, the whiskey making her cheeks rosy.

"Alright, who's next?" she asked, the die ready to be rolled again.

The mood had shifted, the secrets and dares had brought them closer together. They talked and laughed, sharing stories of their lives, the whispers of the past weaving through the crackling fire while they play their game.

Jane started to feel her own need growing, starting to fidget around. Lisa noticed and leaned over. "You okay?" she whispered. Jane nodded, but the look on her face said otherwise.

"Jane, you look like you need to go too." Lisa said with a knowing smile.

Jane blushed and nodded.

"Shall i go with you?" having had two kids Lisa knew well how to handle such a situation.

Jane shook her head. "I don't want to miss out on the fun here."

The game did go on, but Lisa and Jane had a moment to talk.

"Well then just go over there, the puddle is already here." Lisa pointed to the puddle Lynn and Emma left.

"I cant pee in front of all...." Jane whispered, she always had problems with that.

Lisa's eyes lit up with an idea.

"What if you just slid your pants a bit down, and sit back a bit more?" she suggested quietly. "The log we're sitting on will hide it, and we can pretend like we're just deep in conversation. It'll be our little secret."

Jane considered the idea, her cheeks flushing a deeper shade of red.

"But what if they notice?" she asked, her voice barely audible over the crackling fire.

"They won't." Lisa assured her, her voice a soothing balm. "We've all had too much to drink. They're too busy playing and teasing."

Jane took a deep breath, her bladder feeling like it might burst. She could feel the heat of the fire on her, and the whiskey was definitely not helping the situation.

Slowly, she slid her pants down just enough to expose her bare, shaved mound. She sat back, her cheeks burning, and hoped the shadows of the night would hide her indiscretion.

But as she positioned herself, she felt the pressure building and then.... nothing happened.

She squeezed her thighs together, trying to force it out, but it was like her body had decided to play a cruel trick on her. Rachel's laughter filled the air as she told a story, captivating the rest of the group.

Lisa leaned closer, her voice low.

"Relax, it's just us." she said, her own pants still damp from earlier.

"But it's just not coming." Jane whispered back, her eyes pleading. Lisa's gaze softened, and she placed a comforting hand on Jane's shoulder.

"Here, let me help." she offered, her voice a gentle murmur that only Jane could hear.

Without waiting for a response, Lisa leaned in closer, her breath warm against Jane's ear.

"Just imagine you're in the bathroom, alone." she said, her words a soft whisper that sent a shiver down Jane's spine. She began to gently rub Jane's back, her touch soothing and comforting. It was strange, but it was working, Jane felt the first trickle start to come out, the warmth spreading between her legs.

Squinting her eyes, Jane focused on the flames of the fire, the sound of the crackling wood the only thing that mattered in that moment. She could feel the pee wanting to gush out, but she held it back, trying to maintain some semblance of control and most of all silence so the others won't notice. The tension was unbearable, her body begging for release. She scooted a bit farther back as she noticed the pee pooling on the log instead of trailing down.

With a silent prayer, she allowed herself to relax just enough to let the stream flow, aiming it down the backside of the log. The faint hiss of urine meeting wood was music to her ears, a secret symphony known only to her and Lisa. She couldn't believe she was doing this, but the rush of relief was too great to care about the potential embarrassment. The warmth of the whiskey in her belly and the coolness of the night air against her wet skin created an oddly comforting sensation.

Jane felt a strange mix of gratitude and arousal, the intimacy of the situation not lost on her. She could feel the warmth of Lisa's body next to hers, her breathing steady and calm despite the cacophony of their friends' laughter. The pressure in her bladder eased as the pee flowed out, the sensation of relief so intense it was almost orgasmic.

Lisa's hand didn't move from her shoulder, the only indication that she knew what was happening. Jane leaned into her, letting her friend's comforting presence wash over her as the last drops fell. She took a deep breath, her heart racing with excitement and fear of being caught. But no one seemed to notice, their eyes on Rachel and Lynn as they debated their next dare.

The smell of pee and firewood mingled in the air, a scent that was both embarrassing and exhilarating. Jane felt a sense of camaraderie with Lisa, a shared secret that made her feel more connected to her than ever before. She was grateful for the darkness that shielded her, and for Lisas help.

"Thank you. I owe you one." she murmured.

Lisa squeezed Jane's shoulder reassuringly.

"Nonsense, you had a problem, I helped, no strings attached." she said with a knowing smile.

They both turned their attention back to the game, watching as Rachel dared Lilly to kiss a tree.

The laughter grew as Lilly smacked her lips against the rough bark, Rachel and Lisa cheering her on. As the night went on, the whiskey loosened their tongues and the dares grew more outrageous, but none of them could match the intimacy of Lynn's lap dance and Emma's confession.

Eventually, Rachel called it a night, announcing she was going to relieve herself before bed. "Time to hit the hay, but first I need to pee as well." she said with a yawn, stumbling slightly as she made her way into the bushes. The others nodded sleepily, their laughter dying down to a murmur.

As the game of Truth or Dare wound down and the fire began to die out, Lynn and Emma found themselves placing their sleeping bags closer together than anyone else in the tent. The whiskey had created a warm buzz between them, and the shared intimacy of their earlier dare had drawn them together like magnets. The teasing from Rachel and Lilly only served to fan the flames of their burgeoning attraction.

"You know, we're not in high school anymore." Rachel said with a wink, her voice thick with alcohol. "You two can just sleep in the same bag if you want."

Lilly giggled, her eyes glinting with mischief.

"Yeah, it's not like we're going to tell anyone." she added, earning a playful shove from Rachel.

Emma felt her cheeks heat up, but she couldn't deny the comfort that came from the thought of sleeping next to Lynn. She looked over at the brunette, whose gaze was unreadable in the dim light. "It's just to keep warm!" she said, her voice a little too high.

But as Rachel and Lilly zipped themselves into their own sleeping bags, their laughter fading into the night, Emma couldn't help but feel a thrill as Lynn reached out and took her hand. The touch was gentle, almost tentative, but it sent a jolt of electricity through her body.

They lay there for a moment, their breathing the only sound in the tent. Then, Emma felt Lynn's fingers intertwine with her own, their palms pressing together. She didn't pull away. Instead, she squeezed back, the warmth of the gesture seeping into her bones.

Jane and Lisa had fallen asleep, their breathing deep and even, while Rachel and Lilly had drifted off to a fitful slumber filled with snores and giggles. It was just the two of them, their hands joined in the darkness.

Emma was not quite ready to do more, but the touch of Lynn calmed her in a way she could not really explain. She felt seen in a way she hadn't been in years. Rachel and Lilly had always a tendency for mischief, so their teasing was not entirely unexpected, but she knew it was in good faith.

"You know...the kiss was not only show. It was really hot." Lynn whispered, hoping the others would not hear it. Her voice was a warm caress in the chilly night air.

Emma's heart skipped a beat.

"It was." she agreed, keeping her voice low.

"But let's keep it between us, okay?" she added, not quite ready to explore the implications of what had happened.

Lynn nodded, her hand tightening around Emma's.

"Of course," she said, her voice filled with understanding. "It's our little secret."

They lay there in silence, their breaths synchronizing as the whispers of the night wind lulled them into a peaceful slumber. The warmth of Lynn's hand in hers was a comforting reminder of the bond they had just forged.

As they drifted off, Emma felt a strange mix of emotions, excitement, fear, and a longing she hadn't felt in years. Lynn's nearness was intoxicating, and she couldn't help but wonder what the next day would bring. The sounds of the night grew quieter as sleep claimed them both.

*003*2024-12-13 21:25

Took a little while but here it is, part three.

Hope you all enjoy it.

Part 3

The next day had long since begun, as they all still snored. The clock already showed half past eight, but the whiskey and the late evening kept them in a soft slumber.

Emma awoke to the sound of birds chirping outside, the light of the early morning sun peeking through the tent's mesh windows. She squinted, her head a bit heavy from the previous night's indulgence. As her eyes finally adjusted to the light, she looked down and noticed something she hadn't before, her hand was still entwined with Lynn's, their fingers tightly interlocked. A little blush spread across her face as the memories of the night before flooded back to her. The gentle rise and fall of Lynn's chest with every breath she took was mesmerizing and caught her eye.

The sound of their friends' snores mixes in a comforting backdrop.

She looked around, Rachel and Lilly were lying in their sleeping bags, their bodies sprawled out as much as the bags let them, and Lisa had a gentle smile on her face. Jane was curled up in a ball, her breathing slow and steady. It was almost as if they were back in one of their backyards and camping, though this time they had more room, despite being bigger than in the past.

The kiss was still a vivid memory, the taste of Lynn's mouth lingering on hers, at least Emma told this to herself. She remembered the way Lynn's hand had slid up her thigh during the lap dance, the electricity of the touch that had sent shiver's trough her body. That Lynn committed to it even after her confession took her by surprise but it also filled her with an excitement that took her breath away. And then the kiss, oh the kiss! It had been more than she could have ever imagined. She never spent much time searching for a girlfriend, her work and daughter filling her life but that kiss....it was a revelation. A sign that she did crave more than she had.

Emma's mind drifted to Jane, she had a crush on her in the past. But it was more of...a soft whisper. Sure Jane's shyness always had a certain allure to it, in fact it was the reason why Emma noticed her and introduced the group to her. It was like watching a shy deer in a meadow, so sweet and delicate. But Emma knew Jane's sexuality was as straight as the lines on a ruler. Jane had never shown any interest in anything other than men and while it stung back then, she was happy for her now.

Sure she was a bit envious of Jane's husband....'was' being the keyword.

The crush she once had on her shy friend was getting replaced by another one, and with a power she was surprised at. The way Lynn kissed her...it opened something in her she never knew was there.

She was crushing hard for Lynn! Well to be honest not one of her friends were safe from Emma's crushes. At some point she crushed for all of them, but this time Emma feared she could be really in for it, especially since Lynn was single and bisexual.

She closed her eyes for a moment, savoring the sensation of Lynn's hand in hers, the gentle pressure of their fingers touching each other. But she felt something else grew more insistent, her bladder reminding her that she hadn't visited the toilet in a while, especially after the drinking last night. The warmth of the tent and the comfort of their shared secret made her feel a bit like a teenager again, her heart racing at the thought of sneaking away for a private moment and returning back to Lynn. But she did not want to sneak away. She wanted to keep holding Lynn's hand despite what her bladder told her.

Emma squeezed her legs together and shifted slightly in her sleeping bag, trying to ignore the increasingly urgent need to release what her bladder held.

The walk to the bathroom was not a short one as she learned yesterday, and the thought of breaking the spell they were under was daunting.

The memories of the night grew more clear in her mind, especially the memory of Lisa's mishap was echoing in her mind. The way Lisa had laughed it off, not caring about the wet spot on her pants because it was already too late to worry and not even as she fully wet her pants it bothered her. That same sense of reckless abandon called to Emma now, whispering with a sweet voice in her ear about letting go of her inhibitions and embracing the moment. Her hand in Lynn's wiggled with her effort of holding back the urgent need, but she knew she could not keep it in much longer.

But she didn't want to let go either. Not yet. The feeling of their skin touching was like a spell, connecting them in a way that she did not think possible. It was a silent whisper of something more, a promise of connection and hidden desires and she was not ready to break it right now.

For just a small moment a thought flimmered through Emma's mind. It was absurd, ridiculous even. But the whispers were insistent, turning into a sirens call of naughtiness. What if she just let go? The warmth of the sleeping bag, the comfort and pleasure of Lynn's hand in hers, it was a tempting cocktail. The idea grew stronger, the thought of releasing had a strange kind of allure.

Emma's heart raced at the very thought of it. She knew it was wrong, that she should get up and walk to the bathroom like a normal adult, or at least in the bushes. But the memories of their teenage days, and the thrill of the game of truth or dare from last night danced in her head.

If she did it, if she peed in the bag, she could stay right here. No one would have to know. It'd be like a silent declaration of how much she didn't want to break their bond.

Rubbing her legs together she noticed that she had only her shirt and panties on. Her pants were nowhere to be seen, lost to the hazy part of her memories from the night before. It was almost comical how the consequences of the night had led her to this point. She couldn't believe she was seriously considering peeing in her sleeping bag with her friends just a few feet away. But the little voice in her head got louder, the thrill of the forbidden urge to stay connected to Lynn overriding her adult sensibilities. Her eyes darted around the tent, Rachel and Lilly were both sound asleep, their breathing deep and rhythmic. Jane's sleep was lighter, a soft sigh escaping her lips every now and then. Lisa was on the other side of the tent, her chest rising and falling in peaceful slumber. They all were oblivious to the battle Emma fought with herself, and they would not notice she was sure of that.

Emma's hand remained tightly clasped with Lynn's, the heat of their palms a reminder of her need to stay connected to Lynn. She took a deep breath and tried to still the butterflies in her stomach. If she was going to do this, she had to be quick and quiet. She didn't want to make a mess, after all it was not her tent. But the idea of it, the thrill of this wild secret, was too tempting to resist.

She made her decision, a part of her did find it strange but her path was clear in front of her.

She was going to pee in the sleeping bag. It was a crazy thought, something she never imagined she'd do, but the memory of the night before eased her worries. If Lisa could do it, if they could all share such an intimate moment, then surely she could indulge in this one small rebellion against propriety for the sake of her romantic feelings.

Emma took a deep breath, her heart racing as she slowly relaxed her muscles.

And then nothing happened. The dam didn't break. Her body seemed to resist her rebellious thoughts, clinging to the last vestiges of her toilet training. But she wouldn't give up that easy not after all what had happened. The warmth of Lynn's hand was a silent encouragement, something that gave her a braveness she thought lost in time.

With a quiet determination she closed her eyes, focused on the sensation of her bladder, willing it to let go. And then, with a soft sigh and just a little bit of coaxing, the first trickle began. It was strange, a feeling both foreign and familiar. The warmth spread between her legs, and she felt a brief moment of panic what if the other's do notice? What if she made a mess greater than anticipated?

But she had come this far, and she didn't want to ruin the moment, to stop now would be futile anyway the damage already done. So she closed her eyes and allowed the flow to continue, feeling the wetness seep through her panties and into the sleeping bag.

The sound of the pee hitting the fabric was faint, almost soothing in the relative stillness of the tent. She could feel it spreading, the warmth clinging to her skin as it flowed over her tighs, pooling on her hip, since she was lying on her side. The fabric of the bag grew heavier with each passing second, the sensation both strange and oddly comforting with the warmth of her bodily fluid. Her body was responding to the call of the nature, and she couldn't help but feel a sense of liberation doing it so unconventional in her sleeping bag.

But then, she heard it! Lynn's first soft morning breath. Her eyes snapped open, and she saw Lynn looking around the tent, still a bit groggy. After a few moments Lynn's eyes found hers. Emma was mortified but tried to keep calm and normal, she could not stop her flow but she tried to ease it a bit as not to be heard so easily.

She hoped that Lynn had not noticed the wet spot growing under her.

Lynn smiled at her. "Morning Em. Had a good rest?"

Emma's heart skipped a beat, maybe she could get away with it. Even now Lynn made no effort to let go of Emma's hand.

"Yeah, and you?" Emma tried to keep her voice steady.

Lynn's smile got wider as she nodded. "Fantastic!"

Then she tilted her head slightly to the side, her eyes flicking down to the wet spot spreading beneath Emma.

"And it seems like you had a bit more fun than I realized."

Emma's face turned crimson as she had been caught. She opened her mouth to explain, but Lynn's expression stopped her. It was not one of disgust or anger, but something else, something Emma hadn't anticipated. Lynn's eyes searched hers, a silent question lingering in the air. And then, with a soft chuckle, Lynn leaned in and kissed her again, her lips pressing gently against hers, the warmth of her breath still lead to goosebumps on Emma's skin.

The kiss was unexpected, and Emma's body responded immediately, her bladder releasing the rest of its contents in a rush as she relaxed in the kiss. The pee soaked her panties and the sleeping bag beneath her, the warmth of it spreading through the material and onto her skin. But she didn't care, no she even started to enjoy it. Lynn's kiss was like a dam breaking, freeing her from the embarrassment she had felt just moments ago.

As they pulled apart, Emma felt the wetness between her legs, a stark reminder of what she had just done. Emma gazed into Lynn's eyes, it was a confusing feeling. She could not comprehend why Lynn kissed her after she had just wet herself.

"I'm....sorry Lynn....I...I...." Emma stammered, here she was, an attorney at a loss for words in her defense. She was usually so articulate, so precise. But here she was, fumbling for an explanation. She had peed in her sleeping bag, in front of Lynn, and all she could do was apologize.

But Lynn wasn't looking at her like she was a toddler who'd had an accident. No, there was a twinkle in her eye, a knowing smirk playing on her lips.

"It's okay, Em." Lynn whispered, her voice filled with a warm touch.

"But why did you do it?" her smile got wider into a wild grin.

Emma felt her cheeks burn even hotter.

"I didn't want to let go of your hand." she confessed, the words spilling out in a second.

It sounded so ridiculous, so childish. But it was the truth. That hand, that warm, comforting hand, was something she craved, something she wanted to hold till the end of eternity.

Lynn's expression grew a bit more serious, her eyes searching Emma's.

"You didn't have to go to such lengths." she said, her voice a gentle tease. "But I have to admit, it's pretty hot."

The words were like a cool breeze on a summer's day, soothing and surprising. Emma's confusion grew, but she felt a weight lift from her chest. If Lynn thought it was hot, then maybe it wasn't so bad. Maybe she wasn't the only one feeling this way.

"I didn't mean to..." Emma said, she kept her voice down not to wake the other's.

"I just..." But she couldn't find the right words.

How do you explain the overwhelming need to stay connected to someone, even in the most embarrassing of ways?

Lynn leaned closer again, her breath warm on Emma's cheek.

"It's okay." she murmured. "I get it."

And then she did something that made Emma's heart flutter even more, she brought her hand up to cup Emma's cheek, her thumb brushing away the very last remnants of fear and embarrassment.

"You're adorable, you know that?"

Emma's eyes searched Lynn's, looking for any sign of disgust or rejection. But all she saw was tenderness, and dare she say, affection, not only in the sense of friendship.

"You know." Lynn began, her voice tinted with a hint of amusement, but not in a degrading way. "You could have just gone outside to pee and come back to hold my hand again."

But there still was not even a hint of disgust or any other negative feeling about Emma's deed.

Emma's eyes widened. "You mean..." she trailed off, her voice trembling as it hit her mind what the easy solution would have been.

Lynn nodded, her smile growing.

"I had to go about an hour ago." she said, her eyes sparkling with humor. "I just slipped out, took care of business, and came back. But you." she leaned in closer, her breath tickling Emma's ear. "You had to go the extra mile, didn't you?"

The words sent a shiver down Emma's spine. It was true, she could have easily gotten up and relieved herself. In hindsight it was so clear but well, maybe she had still more whiskey in her system than she anticipated. And now, here she was, lying in a wet sleeping bag with the woman she had been dreaming about since last night's kiss. She really was crushing hard for Lynn.

"But you know what?" Lynn whispered, her voice taking a seductive tone.

"I think it's absolutely sexy that you'd rather wet yourself than let go of me."

Her hand gently caressed Emma's cheek, her thumb tracing small circles.

"It's like you're saying, 'I want you so much, I can't even leave you for a minute to pee.'"

The way Lynn said it made it sound like the most romantic thing in the world. Emma felt her blush deepen, her heart racing with a mix of embarrassment and excitement. She had never felt so exposed, so raw, and yet so accepted and adored.

"I didn't mean to!" she murmured, her eyes never leaving Lynn's. "I just...I don't know."

Lynn's gaze softened. "It's okay." she said again, her thumb brushing across Emma's lower lip.

"I still think you are extremely erotic, wet panties or not."

Without thinking, Emma leaned in and kissed her with urgency. Her mouth was demanding, her tongue seeking Lynn's, tasting her deeply. It was a kiss filled with passion and need, a kiss that said more than any words could. Lynn's arms wrapped around her, pulling her closer, the sleeping bag's squelching and rustling beneath them as their bodies pressed together. The faint scent of urine didn't matter. All that mattered was the connection that was building between them.

Their kiss was a dance of tongues and breaths, a silent conversation that spoke of yearning and desire. Lynn's hand slid down Emma's back, her fingers tracing the curve of her spine, sending shivers of pleasure through her searching for a way under Emma's shirt. Emma's hand found its way to Lynn's neck, her grip tightening without too much force as she deepened the kiss, her need for the woman in front of her growing with every passing second.

As they finally pulled apart, both of them panting, Lynn whispered. "This will be our little secret." Her voice was thick with desire, her eyes scanning every inch of Emma's Face.

"We'll keep it between us, your little mishap, and what it brought forth."

Emma nodded, her eyes never leaving Lynn's. She didn't know what this meant for them, didn't know if it was just a drunken mistake or the start of something more, at least from Lynn's side.

But in that moment of bliss, all she knew was that she didn't want it to end. She didn't care about the wetness, the embarrassment, or the potential fallout. All she cared about was the feeling of Lynn's hand in hers, the warmth of her body pressed against her own, and the promise of more secrets to come.

"Well, look at that!" Rachel shouted, sitting up in her sleeping bag.

Her voice was like a thunder crack in the otherwise quiet tent.

She had clearly heard the smack of their lips and the panting and shuffling, to be honest in the heat of the moment neither Lynn nor Emma had thought of their friends basically in arms reach. "Someone's getting a head start on the morning activities!"

With Rachel's cheer, the others also stirred. Lilly was the first to open her eyes fully, taking in the sight and grinning.

"Looks like someone had a wild night!" she exclaimed, sitting up and rubbing the sleep from her eyes. Jane looked at the two and blushed slightly, but even she couldn't help but smile at the sight of her friend so clearly happy.

Lisa was the last to notice but she looked at the two with a knowing smile.

"Well, well, well. Looks like someone couldn't wait for morning yoga to get things going." she teased, her voice filled with good-natured humor. Rachel's cheer had indeed woken everyone up, and now all eyes were on Emma and Lynn.

Lilly, Rachel, Lisa and even Jane, who had turned a shade of pink, were smiling and giggling as they watched the two friends in each other's arms. Rachel clapped her hands together.

"Alright, alright, let's not forget we're all adults here. But if you two are going to start the day with a kiss-fest, you've gotta share the details!" she said like the good adult she was.

Emma felt a blush creep up her neck, but she didn't pull away from Lynn's embrace.

Instead, she met Rachel's gaze with a mischievous twinkle in her eye.

"Would you believe she tried to scratch my back?" she answered, her voice filled with a playfulness she hadn't felt in ages.

Lilly stretched her arms over her head, her breasts stretching out her sleep shirt, uncaring of the audience or her erect nipples.

"Well, I for one, am not complaining. It's about time someone spiced up the morning routine!" she said, her voice dripping with mischief.

Despite the teasing, there was an underlying warmth in the tent, a camaraderie that had returned since they met again. Emma and Lynn still sat close to each other, neither of them wanted to move.

"But seriously, you two." Rachel said, her teasing tone turning slightly serious. "You know we're here for you, right? Whatever you need, we've got your back."

Emma's heart swelled with gratitude. It had been so long since she had felt this kind of acceptance, this kind of belonging. She had feared their reactions to her confession, but instead, they had embraced her with open arms and it seemed, open hearts, the closeness they all shared was the same as back when they were younger and maybe even a bit more.

"Thanks, Rachel." she said, her voice a bit shaky with emotion. "That means a lot. But...uhm..."

Lynn squeezed her hand gently, her thumb brushing against Emma's knuckles in a silent message of support.

"We're all here for each other." she added, her gaze flicking around the tent to include the others. "And if that means scratching a friend's back, then so be it."

Lynn made a big gesture that made it look like she scratched Emma's back.

The group laughed, the tension dissipating not that there was much, at least not the negative one the more erotic one between Emma and Lynn stayed.

They began to untangle themselves from their sleeping bags, stretching and yawning as they started to get ready for the day ahead.

Lilly looked over at them, her eyes sparkling with curiosity.

"So, tell us more about this secret romance." she prodded, her voice light.

Emma felt Lynn's grip tighten around her waist, but she didn't pull away, the message clear as day, whatever you want.

"It's not a romance." she said, a hint of a smile playing on her lips.

"Just a little bit of fun, right, Lynn?"

Lynn nodded, her grin widened.

"Just two friends enjoying a bit of... intimacy." she replied, her voice filled with mirth.

The other women watched them, their expressions a mix of amusement and skepticism.

Rachel raised an eyebrow, her gaze shrewd.

"If you say so." she said, her voice filled with doubt and a little bit of good-faith mockery.

Jane, still blushing, turned away to pack up her sleeping bag after she crawled out of it.

"It's sweet, really." she said, her excitement barely hidden.

Emma and Lynn sat there, looking around their friends and then back to themselves. They where unsure of the actual status they now inhabited. They did not see themselves as girlfriend's but it was more than just a drunken make out session. It was a seed, a little something that could go either way. Sure, their morning started with passion but they did not know if it was just a little flare or something more. They both knew that they couldn't deny the attraction that sizzled between them.

It was a secret thrill, a spark that had been hidden beneath the surface. But now it had been set free, and maybe it would set the whole forest on fire.

Lilly grinned, her eyes glinting.

"Well, if you two want to keep playing it cool, that's up to you." she said. "But we all know what we saw...and heard." she added with a wink while making smooching sounds.

Emma felt her heart race, but she still didn't pull away from Lynn. Instead, she leaned into her, relishing the warmth of her body, the smell of her skin. They had crossed a line, but she wasn't ready to step back just yet and Lynn also seemed to think so.

But then, suddenly, the air in the tent changed. Lisa sat bolt upright, her eyes wide with panic.

"Oh, shit!" she murmured, her hand flying to her crotch.

The others looked at her, alarmed by her sudden movement.

"What's wrong?" Rachel asked, her voice a bit concerned.

"I've gotta pee!" Lisa said, her voice tight with urgency. "Now!"

They all had learned about Lisa's weak bladder yesterday, the problems it brought, the way she'd have to run to the bathroom at the most inconvenient times, not always managing it in time.

And now in the morning after their little party it seemed to be here again with a vengeance.

Lisa slithered out of her sleeping bag, and the others were surprised that she was wearing nothing but a pair of panties, a bit on the unsexy side, well she did not have to impress anyone. It was a surprise, but in the group only Jane cared much for modesty in front of the others and only for a while the other's usually could convince her rather easily for someone so shy. Lisa's body was curvy, though still a step away from chubby, with hips that had widened a bit more since the birth of her two children. But she moved with a confidence that made everyone else feel a bit self-conscious.

"I can't hold it." she said, her voice a mix of desperation and resignation.

"I'm sorry, but I can't make it to the bathroom."

But as Lisa was about to open the tent-flap she froze, her gaze turning back to her friends.

They could see the dilemma etched on her face, the path in front of the tent was now crowded with other campers heading to the lake. Peeing in front of the tent was no longer an option like last night.

Emma watched as Lisa's hand tightened on her crotch, her eyes darting around the tent.

Rachel and Lilly exchanged a look, the same thought crossing their minds.

The group watched her plight with sympathy. They had all been there, he sudden, overwhelming need to pee, the unwanted attention of an audience when all you want is a private moment.

"Damn, we slept too long." Rachel said and Lisa nodded.

"I know...fuck! I think i will just sit down outside, give me a shirt." She was desperate and had to be quick unless she wanted to clean up the puddle in the tent. Rachel tossed her a shirt without question, understanding her desperation, she did not even know whose shirt it was.

"You really want to piss in the grass?" Lilly asked. "With all those people there?"

Lisa took a deep breath and nodded.

"I can't hold it to the bathroom!" she said through gritted teeth. "I will just sit down and pee through my panties. Hoping the best and make a nice face."

But just as she was ready to open the tent, she saw the cooler from yesterday, now empty.

"On the other hand....Sorry girl's!" Lisa said with a shrug and a grin.

"But desperate times..." She reached for the empty cooler, her cheeks flushing with resignation. Rachel and Lilly watched with a mix of shock and amusement.

"You're not actually going to..." Rachel began, but her words trailed off as Lisa nodded firmly.

"Oh, i am! It's better than peeing on the floor or in front of an audience!" Lisa said with a laugh, grabbing the cooler. The other's couldn't help but giggle at the absurdity of the situation.

With a shrug, Lisa pulled down her panties, a pair of sensible, but well-worn, mom-style underwear that had seen better days. Her bladder had been playing tricks on her since her second pregnancy, and she had learned to deal with it in the most practical ways.

"You know what, it's really not that bad." she said, positioning herself over the cooler.

"Better than the alternative." she added, giving them all a wink.

Jane watched, a little stunned but also a bit impressed by Lisa's nonchalance.

Lisa's pee spurted into the cooler with a sound that was a mix of relief and a splash. It was surprisingly loud in the otherwise silent tent. They could see the urine pool in the bottom, the sound changed to a little bit of gurgling as the puddle deepened. Lisa's vagina was easy to see as the yellow liquid spurted out of it. Her inner lips peeked just a bit over the outer ones and her bush was thick and curly.

"Oh, sweet relief!" she sighed, her body relaxing as the urgency left.

The smell of pee filled the tent, but nobody seemed to care. The absurdity of the situation was by far the most prevalent feeling.

Lilly, unable to contain herself, put a hand over her mouth and giggled.

"I can't believe you just pissed in the cooler." she said, her voice muffled.

"That's like, next level camping right there."

Lisa grinned, she was beyond embarrassment, especially in front of her friends.

"Hey, it's better than scrubbing the floor." she said with a shrug, her eyes sparkling with mirth.

"Also, you try holding it in after two kids and a night of drinking and with a weak bladder."

They all laughed breaking the awkward moment into a joyful memory. It was a moment that showed their bond and a connection that came from sharing the most intimate and embarrassing moments of your life with your best friends. Emma felt a strange mix of emotions, relief that no one had noticed her wet sleeping bag, and a strong sense of belonging as she watched her friends support Lisa so openly. It was like they were all part of an unspoken pact to accept each other's imperfections, no matter how messy or embarrassing they might be.

Lisa finally comes to an end.

"Done...wait!" she says, as a few more spurts escape her, hitting the cooler with a rhythmic pitter-patter. The sound filled the tent with a strange melody, making them all laugh again.

She grinned sheepishly, looking between her legs and up again.

"Guess I had a bit more than I thought!"

The teasing started again, a symphony of giggles and snickers, all wrapped in the warm blanket of their longstanding friendship.

But as the laughter subsides, the reality of their morning is setting in.

"Alright, let's get dressed." Rachel says, standing up and stretching.

"We've got a whole day of fun before us, and we don't want to spend it smelling like a frat house!"

Emma felt a twinge of panic, her eyes darting to her sleeping bag. How could she possibly get out of this without them finding out? Sure a part of her knew that her friend's would not judge her, particularly after Lisa's show. Yet she was not quite ready to out herself with that little secret.

But Lynn seemed to read her mind.

"Stay with me, we wait." She whispered her hand still holding Emma's.

Without much shyness Rachel, Lilly and Lisa began to undress. Only Jane looked a bit unsure, without the whiskey her confidence was not as big anymore. Lisa noticed Jane's hesitance, and graciously offered to hold up a blanket for her to change behind.

"I think a shower will do us all good. So don't dress to impress." Rachel grinned.

Rachel and Lilly, both in their mid-30s, still had the figures of much younger women.

Rachel's body showed the result of her hard work in her bakery and Lilly's was the result of her active lifestyle despite being a stay-at-home-mom. They began to strip down fully, casually tossing their clothes into a pile in the corner of the tent.

"Come on, Jane." Lisa said gently. "You don't have to be shy. We've all seen each other naked a hundred times before." Yet she still held the blanket up, it wouldn't shield everything but more than changing in plain view. Jane nodded, took a deep breath and slipped out of her pajamas behind the blanket, feeling a little rush of shame as the air touched against her bare skin. She was always the shy one, her body even now more petite than the others which made her a bit nervous.

Emma and Lynn watched from their sleeping bags, their bodies pressed together in a silent understanding. The scent of arousal mingled a little bit in the air, and the faint whiff of pee, a secret that only the two of them shared. As the others changed, they kept their distance, their eyes lingering on each other, the unspoken tension growing with every passing second.

Lilly, already dressed in her bikini, couldn't resist poking fun.

"What's taking you two so long?" she teased, her voice light. "You've got us all waiting!"

"We're just enjoying the view." Lynn quipped, her eyes glinting with mischief.

The others laughed, none the wiser to the true nature of their 'view', thinking of it as a little joke given the nature of their sexuality. Of course they couldn't care less, it was years too late to be ashamed of their bodies in front of each other, or offended by a gaze lingering a little to long.

"Watching is free, touching is for you two lovebird's!" Rachel grinned.

"Let's go, they are afraid we see that they are 'not girlfriend's'." Lilly smiled, hinting at their love juice soaked panties she assumed both of them wear, if only she knew the full extent of the wetness beneath the sleeping bag.

"Oh bite me!" Lynn retorted to Lilly.

"You have Em for that!" Lilly grinned as Rachel shoved her out of the tent, Lisa and Jane followed them.

"See you at the showers." Rachel called over her shoulder, winking at them. The moment the tent flap closed, the air in the tent felt charged with an electricity that was undeniable. Lynn looked over at Emma, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

"We did it!" she whispered, her voice filled with glee. "They have no clue of your little 'accident'!"

Emma couldn't help but laugh, a little nervously though.

"Yeah, we did." she said, sitting up and starting to untangle herself from the sleeping bag.

"But we can't just sit here all day. Rachel is not wrong with the shower." she added, glancing over at the wet spot.

They quickly and quietly worked together, unzipping the sleeping bag and dabbing the moisture, the scent of pee now stronger. The tent was a bit messy with no one caring to clean up just now, they still had to act fast before the others returned. Lynn grabbed a rope from the side and they both rushed to hang it up, hoping the warm morning air would dry the sleeping bag out before anyone noticed what it was. Their movements were a silent dance, a choreographed routine of friendship as they worked together like in the past. They managed to hang the sleeping bag without making too much noise, the light fabric fluttering from the quick work.

"Looks like we're done so far." Lynn murmured, her eyes on the sleeping bag.

Emma shot her a look. "Think it will dry quick enough?"

"Well, its out of our hands anyway." Lynn said, her eyes glinting with humor.

"It's not like we can get a blow dryer out here."

They shared a knowing look, the tension between them thick with anticipation.

"Guess we'll have to hope for the best" Emma giggled, her heart racing with the naughtiness of the moment.

They stripped down, their bodies a delicious contrast, Emma's smooth and toned from years of running, Lynn's more soft and supple yet still with a soft strength underneath. They didn't bother with modesty, too focused on the occasional peek. Lynn handed Emma a fresh set of clothes, crouching by the bags, her eyes lingering on the wet spot on the sleeping bag.

"You're absolutely cute." she said, her voice low and intimate. "You really didn't want to let go of my hand, huh?"

Emma felt a fresh flush creep up her neck.

"It's not just your hand." she admitted, her voice a bit quieter as she felt heat in her cheeks.

Without another word, Lynn leaned in and kissed her again, her tongue tracing the contours of Emma's mouth. It was a kiss filled with promise, with the excitement of the unknown. It was a kiss that said, 'There is more where that came from'.

When they finally pulled away, both of them were a bit embarrassed, not from shame but in the good way, when you took the last piece of chocolate and feel a bit guilty but also so good.

"Now, let's go get clean." Lynn said, her voice a little hesitant, she surely did not want to wash Emma's touch away.

"But maybe save some of that for later?" She winked as she pointed to her lips, and Emma couldn't help but laugh, the sound a little more shaky than she would have liked.

They dressed quickly, Emma's eyes lingering on Lynn's naked body before she pulled on her own clothes. As they were both dressed, they stepped outside into the rather warm morning air, the scent of pine mixing with the faint smell of the campfire's ash from last night. They could hear Rachel, Lilly, and Lisa's laughter in the distance, and the sound was like a beacon, calling them back to reality. They took one last look at each other, the memory of their shared secret still fresh, and then they set off towards the showers, hand in hand.

The other's reached the showers and toilets way before Emma and Lynn. Having quite the head-start on the two.

"Okay, I think the first thing on the agenda is going to pee." Rachel said, handing her toiletry bag to Lisa for safe keeping. Jane nodded, her bladder echoing the need. They had all had quite the night, and it was clear the whiskey was still taking its toll. After a few steps Rachel looked back to Lilly, noticing that she did not move with them.

"You coming?" Rachel asked.

Lilly just shakes her head.

"Nah, I'm good. You guys go ahead." Her voice was casual but her eyes had a certain glint.

Rachel raised an eyebrow but didn't question further, she knew Lilly could handle herself.

Jane followed Rachel like a mother goose. Rachel had always been kind of the leader, the one who took charge and knew what to do in any situation, or at least made it look so. As they approached the bathroom facilities they found them rather deserted, they really had slept through the first wave of guests.

"Why didn't Lilly come with us? I mean...she must also feel a need right?" Jane asked Rachel, her eyes flicking towards the shower area.

Rachel shot her a knowing smile.

"I have a feeling she'll be just fine." Rachel said with a wink.

Jane blushed, understanding Rachel's insinuation.

"No! She...she wouldn't...would she?"

Rachel just chuckled and pushed the toilet door open. She took in the cleanliness of the toilets, a rare but welcome sight in a campground. The owners had clearly put effort into maintaining them, and Rachel felt a twinge of gratitude for not having to hover over the seat. She glanced back at Jane, who was still blushing from Rachel's earlier remark.

"Come on, Jane." Rachel said gently, placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "You can do it." She knew Jane's history with public restrooms, how she would often wait until she was practically bursting before finding the courage to go. Rachel and the other's had been her wing-women in countless bathroom trips over the years, offering a pep talk or a distraction when needed.

Rachel took advantage of the solitude to whisper into Jane's ear.

"Remember, it's just peeing. You've done it a million times." Rachel's voice was low, but it was filled with warmth and encouragement. She knew that sometimes, all it took was a little nudge to help Jane overcome her anxieties.

Jane took a deep breath and nodded, her eyes meeting Rachel's. Rachel could see the determination in them, a silent promise that she would be okay.

With a murmured "Thanks." Jane slipped into the stall, her shoulders straightening a little.

Rachel couldn't help but smile. She approached the toilet and turned, pulling down her pant's and panties. As Rachel sat down on the toilet, the cold plastic seat sending a shiver up her spine.

The sound of the door closing behind her was comforting, a small reminder that she had a few moments of privacy amidst the chaos of camping, not that she would have minded otherwise. The girls had peed in front of each other thousands of times, often shielding themselves from a stranger's view.

As Rachel relieved herself, she thought about Jane. The shy girl they all knew and loved had somehow managed to become a successful marketing woman, but in the presence of their old clique, Rachel noticed a soft reversion to her former self. It was endearing, really, to see the strong, independent Jane allow someone else to lead. Rachel wondered if it was a way for her to unwind, to let go of the responsibilities of her career and her role as a wife and mother.

Jane pulled down her clothes and sat down....waiting...willing her body to release the pressure. The stall was cool and quiet, a stark contrast to the warmth and joyous atmosphere of the tent. Rachel's words echoed in her mind, it's just peeing, but her heart was racing, her palms sweaty. She took a deep breath and tried to relax, reminding herself of the countless times Rachel or any of her friends had talked her through this. She always got pee-shy in public toilets, some things did not change. But at least this time, other then yesterday, her panties were dry.

Finally she relaxed enough to let the stream flow, a sigh of relief escaping her lips. Jane listened to the sound of her own pee hitting the porcelain, feeling the tension in her bladder ease as the pressure subsided. It was a familiar sound, a sound that was strangely comforting in its mundanity amidst the excitement of their camping trip.

While they watched Rachel and Jane walk to the toilets, Lisa turned to Lilly with a mischievous grin.

"So, are you going to pee in the shower?" she teased, her eyes glinting with humor.

Lilly's grin grew wider, and she shrugged nonchalantly.

"Pot, kettle, black." she quipped back, reminding Lisa of her own escapades.

"You're one to talk, with your cooler antics. If I would be you I would not lecture others."

The air was filled with the playful banter that only old friends could share without a hint of embarrassment.

"That was an accident...more or less." Lisa said with a smirk, her voice low and conspiratorial.

"But you know me, always ready for anything." she winked, remembering the countless times she'd had to make a mad dash for the bathroom, sometimes to no avail.

With steady steps, they entered the shower room. The small stalls with the short walls offered a semblance of privacy, but it was clear that the space was designed for function over modesty.

"Well, at least they try." Lisa said looking at the meager shower stalls, but she was not one to be shy with her body. Lilly didn't miss a beat and dashed to the nearest one. Her need getting stronger. With a flourish she peeled her clothes off her body while Lisa entered the stall next to her.

"Good thing we are alone here. Look a fountain!" Lilly said with a cheeky smile, pointing to her middle.

The room was indeed empty, giving her the privacy she needed for this moment of relief.

She stepped into the shower stall, the cold tiles a stark contrast to the warmth of her body.

With a playful glint in her eye, she spread her legs and began to pee, a strong, steady stream leaving her body with a sound that was surprisingly loud in the otherwise silent room.

The stream of urine arced from Lilly's pussy, her fingers spreading her lips to fully utilize the power of her bladder's release. The pee was a golden hue not as dark as normally, a testament to the hydration she'd had overnight, and it splashed against the tiles before swirling down the drain. The smell was faint but unmistakable, not quite as strong as one would assume for the first morning pee.

Lisa couldn't help but laugh, shaking her head at Lilly's antics.

"I won't hear anything from you when i have an accident next time. You have no shame girl!"

Lilly just shrugged, still peeing with glee.

"What's the point of having a good aim if you can't show it off?" she quipped, her voice echoing off the tiles.

The sound of her urine was like a little waterfall, a testament to her need and the ease with which she could relieve herself anywhere, anytime. Finally, after what seemed like a little eternity Lilly's bladder was empty, and she stepped back a little looking at her puddle slowly flowing into the drain. Her fingers were a bit wet from the spray, but she didn't bother to wipe them off as she turned on the shower, the cold water hitting her skin like a slap.

“Too cold! Brrr!” her voice squeaked.

She gasped but quickly adjusted the temperature, letting the warm spray wash over her, mixing with the last drops of her pee. She watched as the water swirled down the drain, taking the evidence of her little escapade with it. Lisa giggled a bit, she had the water exactly right. They both washed themselves with an easy familiarity, the warm water sluicing over their bodies, rinsing away whatever lingered from the night before. Lilly's hand lingered over her breasts, her nipples tight from the cold and the thrill of her morning piss. Lisa's fingers traced the lines of her hips and stomach.

Outside the shower's entrance, Rachel and Jane emerged from the toilet, the latter still looking a bit flustered from their bathroom break. In the distance Emma and Lynn emerged.

Rachel, noticing their joined hands, couldn't help but grin.

"Looks like someone has a wonderful morning." she quipped, her eyes sparkling with mischief. Jane blushed, a faint hint of a smile playing on her lips. Emma and Lynn had just made their way over from the tent, their cheeks slightly flushed from their own secret.

Rachel's comment didn't go unnoticed.

"We're just friends!" Emma said quickly, she was still unsure herself, though she hoped she was wrong with these words. Lynn nodded in agreement, her eyes never leaving Emma's.

"Yeah, just friends." she echoed, her tone playfully innocent.

Rachel's smile grew wider, and she winked at them both.

"If that's what you want to call it." she said, her voice dripping with tease.

Jane's eyes darted between them, her smile growing more genuine. Despite Rachel's playful jab, she was genuinely happy to see her friends connecting.

"You guys are too cute." she said, her voice filled with affection.

The four of them entered the shower area, the sound of their laughter mingling with the spray of the water.

Lilly and Lisa looked up from their stalls, their bodies already lathered in soap. Rachel and Jane couldn't help but stare for a moment, the sight of their friends' naked forms was both strange and familiar, a throwback to their youthful days of skinny-dipping in the lake.

Jane's heart skipped a beat as she saw them and the state of the shower room. She had hoped for a little more privacy, but the sight of their carefree attitudes made her feel a bit foolish for worrying.

Rachel whispered in her ear. "You can handle this, remember last night?"

Jane nodded, her cheeks flushing at the memory of running around the campfire naked. It had been liberating, but that was different, the whiskey had loosened her inhibitions, the night had been filled with laughter and dares. Now, in the cold light of day, she felt a bit more self-conscious. But Rachel's words echoed in her mind, she could do this, she had done it before.

Taking a deep breath, Jane began to strip off her clothes. Her body was not as toned as Rachel's, nor as curvy as Lisa's, but it was hers, and she had nothing to be ashamed of. She stepped into the shower, the warm water cascading over her skin shortly after, washing away the last traces of whiskey and nerves. Rachel was right beside her, her own laughter ringing out as the water hit her face. As they all showered, Lilly looked at Emma and Lynn, who were trying to act nonchalant as they washed their own bodies. She had noticed the tension between them, the lingering glances, and the way their hands seemed to find each other every moment they were separated.

"Why don't you two shower together?" she called out, her voice teasing.

Jane was surprised over her burst of confidence to make that comment.

Emma and Lynn shared a look, their cheeks reddening a bit more than they would have liked. "We're just friends!" they said in unison, a little too quickly.

Rachel and Lisa exchanged knowing smirks, the kiss they had shared the night before was not the kind friends shared and what followed this morning was even less 'friendly'. But they played along, not wanting to spoil the fun.

"Yeah, right!" Rachel said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

"You never kissed us like you kissed each other.”

Their friends' laughter filled the shower room, bouncing off the tiles. Jane couldn't help but chuckle at their obvious attempt to hide their growing attraction. She knew it was none of her business, but she couldn't help feeling a bit excited for them. The bond between friends could be so strong, and sometimes it grew into something more. She watched as Rachel playfully squirted water at them, her eyes sparkling with mischief, then she noticed a mirror on the wall opposite the shower's, a bit misplaced she thought but it gave her a good viewing experience.

As the water warmed up, Rachel's body was on full display, and Jane couldn't help but admire her friend's physique. Rachel had always been the tomboyish one, and it showed. Her muscles were well-defined without being bulky, a testament to her years of hard working. Jane's gaze lingered on Rachel's breasts, which were a perfect good handful, with small, pert nipples that pointed straight ahead. Rachel's stomach was flat and her hips curving gently into her thighs. Rachel had the body of a woman who knew how to take care of herself, and it was hard not to be a little envious.

Lisa was in the adjacent stall, her maternal body a stark contrast to Rachel's. Her breasts were larger, with dark areolae that stood out against her warm skin tone. Her stomach had a softness to it that spoke of the life she had created, the stretch marks a proud badge of motherhood. Jane's eyes followed the trail of Lisa's pubic hair, thick and natural, and she couldn't help but feel a pang of curiosity. It had been so long since she had seen any of her friends naked, and the differences in their bodies were fascinating.

Jane's eyes wandered on to Lilly. Her red hair was plastered to her head, the water creating rivulets of red that flowed down her face and neck. Lilly's skin was pale, her freckles that adorned her breastline standing out like stars against the moon of her skin. Her body was a little softer than Rachel's, but it had a grace to it, a quiet strength that spoke of a life of comfort and love. Jane's gaze lingered on the strip of pubic hair that lay like a fiery trail above Lilly's slit.

Despite their vows to be just friend's Jane looked at Emma and Lynn as if they were a couple. Emma's body was sleek and toned, a testament to her regular runs and disciplined lifestyle. Her breasts were firm and medium-sized, with the palest pink areola, a stark contrast to Lynn's softer, more voluptuous figure, though she was still sporty. Lynn's skin glowed under the shower's spray, her natural pubic hair a stark contrast to Emma's shaved pubes.

Jane's eyes then drifted to herself, her own naked form reflected in the mirror. She had always been a bit self-conscious about her body, but as she looked at her own curves and the way the water glistened on her skin, she couldn't help but feel a sense of pride. Despite being the most petite of the group, she had her own allure. Her breasts were firm, her nipples a rosy pink that stood out against her paler skin. Her stomach was flat, but it was soft and inviting, a gentle slope that led to her hips.

Like Emma nothing hindered the view of her lower lips, that looked slightly puffy.

The sound of the showers shutting off one by one brought her back to reality. Rachel was the first to step out, her brown hair plastered to the back of her neck, the curls a bit straightened out, as she toweled off with vigor.

"Alright, let's get dressed and grab some breakfast." she said, her voice bouncing off the tiles.

All agreed that breakfast was a wonderful idea, as they ended their shower's. They threw on their simple clothes they had chosen for the walk to the shower and brushed their teeth before the whole group returned to the tent.

Emma's heart was racing as she approached the tent. The wet sleeping bag was a glaring secret that she hadn't quite figured out how to hide yet. She took a deep breath and tried to calm herself down, her hand shaking slightly as she unzipped the flap.

"I'm just gonna grab my wallet, I'll pay for breakfast at the cafe." she announced, hoping the urgency in her voice didn't give away her true intentions.

Her friends nodded, chatting among themselves about what they would order, none suspecting the real reason for her hasty retreat. She slipped inside, the scent of damp fabric hitting her as she carefully maneuvered around the sleeping bags. Her sleeping bag was still damp but the morning sun had worked wonders. It wasn't as wet as she had feared.

With a sigh of relief, she grabbed her wallet from her bag, her eyes darting to the wet spot that was slowly drying every once in a while. Lynn, who had been watching her from outside, slipped in too, her eyes sparkling with mirth.

"What's the rush, Em?" she whispered, her voice low enough that the others wouldn't hear.

Emma felt the blush creep up her neck, her cheeks burning as she whispered back.

"I just don't want them to see..." She gestured to the sleeping bag.

"I don't think they would say anything. Hell Lisa peed in the cooler this morning."Lynn said with a smirk, her voice just loud enough so Emma could hear her.

Emma's eyes widened at the reminder, and she couldn't help but chuckle.

"True, but it's different for me. I don't want them to think..." she trailed off, unsure of how to put her feelings into words.

Lynn stepped closer, as she threw the towels she carried to the laundry pile.

"They know we had a bit of a...moment. It's okay to enjoy it." she said, her eyes searching Emma's for understanding.

"Besides, I stand by it! It was hot."

Emma felt her cheeks burn at the memory. She had been so nervous about their secret.

The thing that she had done, something she never would have dreamed of, she had peed in her sleeping bag. But the reason was simple and utterly romantic, she hadn't wanted to let go of Lynn's hand. The warmth and comfort of Lynn's touch had been intoxicating, and the cold, hard reality of the morning was a stark contrast to the intimacy they had shared. In the chaos of her mind the word's from Lynn did not really click.

"I know." she said, her voice soft.

"It was just..." she took a deep breath.

"I didn't mean for it to happen." she was still a bit self-conscious about her deed.

Lynn reached out, her hand softly wandering along Emma's arm.

"But it did." she said, her voice gentle.

"And I liked it."

She leaned in, her lips finding Emma's in a soft, lingering kiss.

Emma melted into the embrace, her body responding instinctively to the warmth of Lynn's touch. The kiss grew deeper, their tongues tangling as they explored each other's mouths. The taste of mint toothpaste mingled with the faint scent of pee, a strange yet somewhat intoxicating mixture.

But maybe it was just the thrill of kissing Lynn that brought all her surroundings up a level.

Rachel and Lilly's playful teasing grew louder outside the tent, their laughter cutting through the intimate moment like a knife.

"You two lovebirds better hurry up!" Rachel called out. "We're all about to pass out from starvation here."

Lilly chimed in. "Yeah, come on, we've got a whole day of adventure ahead of us. You can save the making out for later."

Reluctantly, Emma pulled away, her cheeks still flushed with arousal.

Lynn grinned, a mischievous spark in her eye.

"I guess we'd better go, before they come in hm?" she murmured, her hand sliding down to give Emma's ass a gentle squeeze.

As they emerged from the tent, Rachel and Lilly couldn't hide their smirks.

"Just friends, huh?" Rachel said, her voice laden with sarcasm.

Lisa giggled, swatting playfully at the two of them.

"Just friend's!" Lynn exclaimed with feigned innocence, her eyes twinkling with a secret mischief as she held onto Emma's hand. The group rolled their eyes in unison, the playful banter lightening the air as they began the short walk to the campground's quaint little cafe.

The morning sun cast dappled patterns through the canopy of leaves above, painting the path with a warm, golden light. Their footsteps crunched softly on the gravel, a comforting rhythm that underscored their chatter. They were all still dressed in comfortable shorts and t-shirts, modest enough for public but cozy enough for comfort. Their shoes were well-worn but reliable, ready to tackle the trails ahead.

The cafe was a small and cozy, made to look like rustic cabin.

A wooden sign above the door swung gently in the breeze, creaking a welcome that was almost as warm as the smiles from the friendly staff inside. As the entered the scent of sizzling bacon and freshly brewed coffee wafted through the air, tantalizing their nostrils and making their stomachs growl in unison. The walls were adorned with old photographs of campers from decades past, their faces frozen in the timeless joy of shared adventures.

They settled into a round table by the window, the sun casting a warm glow across their faces as they perused the menu. It was rather late for breakfast but there were still enough patrons. The chatter of other campers and the clinking of silverware provided a comforting backdrop to their conversation.

"I can't believe we all slept so late." Rachel said, her voice tinged with amusement.

"But I guess we needed it after last night's shenanigans."

"Shenanigans?" Lisa giggled. "That's putting it mildly."

She glanced at Emma and Lynn, who were both blushing faintly. Their growing bond and affection was a badly kept secret to all of them. Jane also blushed, she was the only one who was fully naked while they played Truth or Dare and now with a sober mind she was a bit ashamed, not uncomfortable so though.

They ordered a feast of pancakes, eggs, and a mountain of crispy bacon, their stomachs rumbling in anticipation. The food arrived steaming hot, and they dug in with gusto, the flavors exploding on their tongues like a symphony of comfort. Thick and golden the syrup was the perfect complement to the fluffy pancakes. Perfectly cooked eggs, their yolk's richness blending with the crunch of the bacon brought a nice contrast. The coffee was strong and bitter, just the way Rachel liked it, and the juice was freshly squeezed, a delightful tang that made their taste buds dance.

After breakfast, they stayed for a moment longer, sipping another round of coffee and planning the day's adventure.

"We should do the hike to the viewpoint." Lisa suggested, her eyes sparkling with excitement, she was the one with the most outdoor experience, given her husband loved camping.

"It's supposed to be breathtaking."

They all agreed, the prospect of a picnic at the top of the hill with a stunning view too tempting to pass on. Provisions they brought plenty, so it was just a matter of packing up their backpacks and setting off.

As they returned to the tent, Lilly was the first to spot the still damp spot on the sleeping bag.

She raised an eyebrow and looked at Emma with a knowing smirk.

"Looks like someone had a bit of a wet dream, ey?" she said, her voice filled with mirth.

Rachel and Lisa burst into laughter, while Jane tried to look away, without much success.

Emma felt her face heat up, her eyes darting to the sleeping bag and then back to Lilly.

"It's...it's just water!" she stammered, trying to play it cool.

Lynn stepped in, wrapping an arm around Emma's waist and pulling her close.

"Yeah, I accidentally spilled my water bottle. Nothing suspicious." she said, her eyes sparkling with amusement.

Lisa and Rachel exchanged a knowing look, but kept their mouth's shut. They had noticed the atmosphere between the two of them, and while they didn't know the details, they could guess that there was more to the story than just a spilled water bottle.

"Oh, a friendship drink, huh?" Lilly said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

"Well, in that case, we should all have one. You gonna share right?" The whole tent erupted in laughter. Rachel and Lisa couldn't help but snicker at the absurdity of the situation, their eyes sparkling with mischief.

Lynn nodded, playing along.

"Yeah, you wish, but sadly, as you see, we spilled everything there was." she said, her grin growing wider as she squeezed Emma's waist. The giggles grew louder, and Emma couldn't help but join in, feeling a little bit better about the awkwardness of the situation.

"How long do you two plan on keeping this friendship charade going?" Lisa asked, her voice a mix of amusement and impatience.

Emma and Lynn exchanged a look, the sly grin on both their faces growing.

"As long as it keeps you all entertained." Lynn replied with a wink.

Rachel, Lilly and Lisa shook their heads in a mix of disbelief and amusement, but if that was the story Emma and Lynn wanted to stick to, they were content to let them. After all, the bond between friends was sacred, and if it had evolved into something more, it was their business.

Jane observed the exchange with a knowing smile. She had seen the way Emma and Lynn's eyes had lingered on each other's bodies that morning, and the way their hands had found each other's in the shower. They were trying to hide their feelings, but it was as clear as water. She couldn't blame them though, admitting to a mutual attraction could be terrifying, especially in a group as close as theirs.

They changed into more fitting clothes for wandering, though that meant mostly the same sort of clothes but a bit more robust than what they had chosen for their walk to the showers.

So they still wore shirt's and shorts in various lengths. As they set out on the hike, the width of the trail allowed them to walk side by side most of the time, their laughter echoing through the woods like a melody of old friends rediscovering each other. Emma and Lynn had their hands together again, the occasional tease about their "friendship" was met with playful banter, the kind that could only come from a group who knew each other's buttons to push.

Rachel led the way, her powerful stride setting a comfortable pace for the rest to follow.

Emma felt the warmth of the sun on her skin as they hiked, her hand clasped in Lynn's. They all looked rather stunning in their hiking outfits: Rachel a bit more boyish, yet not as much as back in the day's, Lisa had a bit longer shorts that ended shortly above her knees, Lilly in a pair of shorts that showed off her toned legs, and Jane in a simple t-shirt and shorts that hugged her in all the right places. Despite the ease of the trail, the anticipation of what might happen between her and Lynn had her heart racing faster than the cardio workouts she did to keep her figure. And she had to admit, Lynn looked rather alluring in her shorts that ended mid-thigh and a t-shirt that was rather tight.

They walked along, sometimes stopping to take in the environment. But Emma and Lynn let themselves fall a bit back.

"So, what do you think we are?" Lynn finally asked, her voice low enough that only Emma could hear.

Emma's heart skipped a beat. She had been avoiding this conversation, unsure of what to say.

"I don't know, honestly." she admitted, her voice a whisper back to Lynn.

"But I do know that I don't want to let go of your hand."

Lynn squeezed her hand tighter.

"Don't I know that." she smiled, hinting at Emma's impromptu bathroom break in her sleeping bag, just so she could keep holding her hand.

"But shall I remind you I also took your hand again?"

Emma felt the heat rising in her cheeks, she remembered that Lynn told her that she did go outside to pee, and returned....and took her hand again.

"You think it's just a phase? I had a long dry-spell...and your divorce..." Emma asked her.

Lynn's eyes searched Emma's, the greenery of the woods around them seemed to fade away.

"I don't know, but I do know that holding your hand feels right. And wonderful." she replied, her voice steady but with a hint of uncertainty.

Jane and Rachel watched from ahead, Rachel giving Jane a knowing look as she saw the intimate gesture.

Rachel whispered. "They're definitely not just friends."

Jane nodded, a soft smile playing on her lips.

"It's sweet, really. They're finding something special in each other."

Their conversation was interrupted by the sudden sound of Lilly's laughter, her voice rising in song. "Summer lovin', had me a blast!" she crooned, her eyes twinkling with mischief.

Rachel and Lisa looked at each other, then back at the two of them, before joining in.

"Summer lovin', happened so fast."

Emma and Lynn couldn't help but laugh, the tension between them momentarily vanishing. They knew the song well, a classic from their youth, and despite the teasing undertone, they felt their hearts swell with warmth at the shared camaraderie. With a dramatic roll of her eyes, Emma began to sing her part, her voice blending with the chorus of their friends.

"Summer days, drifting away, to uh oh those summer nights."

Lynn's rich laughter spilled out as she sang.

"Tell me more! Tell me more!" her voice dripping with playful seduction as she looked in Emma's eyes. The trail was forgotten as they all fell into the rhythm of the song, their voices echoing through the trees. Rachel and Lisa harmonized, their laughter punctuating the lyrics as they danced along the path. Even Jane joined in, if a bit softer then the others.

Other hikers passed them by, glancing at the group with amusement and puzzlement. One couple paused, watching the six friends belt out the tune with such enthusiasm. The man looked at his wife and shrugged, whispering something that made her giggle before they moved on, leaving the friends to their private concert.

As the final notes of "Summer Nights" trailed off into the forest, Rachel clapped her hands together. "Alright, that's enough theatrics." she said with a grin. "Let's get back to reality."

But reality was already shifting for Emma and Lynn. With their friends' knowing looks and the weight of the shared moment, they turned to each other, the question in their eyes now unspoken. Without a word, their heads tilted, and their lips met in a kiss that was tender and hungry all at once. Rachel and Lilly whooped with delight, while Lisa clapped her hands, a wide smile spreading across her face. Jane watched, her heart swelling with happiness for her friends.

The kiss was deep and lingering, a promise of more to come. Their hands slid around each other's waists, pulling them closer until their bodies were pressed together. The scent of Lynn's shampoo, the taste of the bacon on Emma's tongue, the feel of the sun-kissed skin touching, everything was intoxicating. The applause from their friends grew louder, turning into cheers and whistles.

They broke apart, both a little dizzy, and Emma's eyes searched Lynn's for any sign of regret. But all she found was the same fierce passion reflected back at her.

"Okay!" she murmured. "Let's do this!"

"So, are we done with the just friend's thing?" Lilly asked with a cheeky smile, her eyes twinkling with mischief. The others were grinning like Cheshire cats.

"I have not the slightest hint what you mean. We are just friend's, it's easy to see." Lynn said with a wink, her voice dripping with feigned innocence.

Rachel, Jane and Lisa couldn't help but snicker, knowing full well the truth hidden beneath their playful facade.

Suddenly, Lisa interrupted their moment with a soft groan.

"Girls, I hate to break this up, but I gotta go!" she said, her hand hovering over her stomach.

Rachel raised an eyebrow in confusion, they had only just begun their hike.

"Again?" Rachel asked, her voice a mix of amusement and concern.

"You know the drill." Lisa replied with a sheepish smile. "Forgot the pads, can't take any chances, I feel it I go. I pee my pants in front of you all anytime but with stranger's I rather not."

They all laughed at that bold declaration.

"Is that so? I'm looking forward to test you on it." Lilly said, her eyes twinkling with humor.

Rachel and the others nodded in agreement, smiling broadly at Lisa.

The sound of their laughter, genuine and free, rolled through the forest, bouncing off the trees.

It was a laughter of acceptance and camaraderie, not malice or embarrassment. They had seen each other through everything over the years, from schoolyard scrapes to first loves and heartbreaks.

A little bladder control issue was nothing in the grand scheme of their friendship.

Lisa took a few steps off the trail, her eyes scanning the underbrush for a suitable spot. She knew her friends had her back, they always did. Rachel and Lilly took up positions on either side of the path, playing lookout while Emma and Jane leaned against a tree, their arms around each other, lost in their own little world. Rachel whispered something to Jane, who giggled, glancing back at the couple before looking away shyly.

Lisa found the perfect spot, a ring of mushrooms, she couldn't help but giggle at the sight. They were indeed a stark white, almost too perfect in their toilet-bowl resemblance. She approached with a sense of playfulness that she hadn't felt in a long time. It was strange, this feeling of liberation amidst friends who knew her so well. With a cheeky grin, she pulled down her pants and underwear, baring her natural beauty to the world. The anticipation of the relief to come was almost palpable. She hovered over the fungi ring, the soft earth giving way beneath her feet. Then, she let go.

The stream of her urine was a golden arc that splashed into the center of the mushroom circle.

An oddly satisfying sound erupted as the liquid pattered against the forest floor.

The pee hung briefly in her pubic hair, the delicate strands fluttering in the gentle waterfall of her own making. It was a mesmerizing sight, a bit strange but still soothing in a way.

The mushrooms absorbed the liquid with an eagerness that seemed almost greedy, their caps shimmering with the soft golden remnants of her relief. A little trickle escaped the rest of the stream though it was strong, but she did not care. Playfully she aimed at the mushrooms as good as she could. The way the liquid hit the nature and the smell of it mixing with the fresh scent of the forest was oddly comforting. Rachel and Lilly whispered and giggled as they kept watch, their eyes occasionally darting to the couple embracing by the tree.

As the flow subsided, the mushroom ring glittered a bit in the sunlight that reached down.

Lisa did not care to wipe, feeling a bit naughty but mostly just relieved. The giggles of her friends and the gentle rustling of the wind in the leaves above seemed to approve of her decision.

When Lisa emerged from the underbrush, she couldn't help but strut back towards them, her cheeks flushed with more than just the exertion of the hike.

"Well, that was an interesting bathroom break." she said, thinking with humor about the mushrooms.

Rachel and Lilly pretended to be scandalized, their eyes widening in mock horror.

"You do know that we could all see you, right?" Rachel teased, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

"I mean, you did not really hid yourself there."

Lisa just shrugged, a grin playing on her lips.

"Hey, when you gotta go, you gotta go." she said, her voice breezy.

"Besides, it's not like it's the first time we've all seen each other in less than ideal circumstances."

The group erupted in laughter, it was true, they were so tight knit back in the days that they knew all about each other. It was a testament to their friendship that they could still find humor in the most intimate of moments.

But they still had a goal to reach and so they moved on.

Lilly couldn't help herself, she sneaked up to them, her eyes gleaming with playful mischief. "C'mon, lovebirds!" she sang out, nudging them gently. "Or should I say 'friends'?"

Emma and Lynn shot her a look that was part annoyance, part affection.

"You love this right?" Emma said, but the smile tugging at the corners of her mouth gave her away.

Lynn leaned into Emma, their shoulders bumping playfully.

"We're just friends." she said, her voice a purr of amusement. "Good friends who happen to enjoy a little... cuddling."

“Right....cuddling...well, then cuddle along.” Lilly grinned as she playfully smacked their bottoms.

The group's laughter grew louder as they both, with theatrically motions ran away from Lilly.

"Alright, alright. You clowns!" Rachel said, her voice filled with a good-natured chuckle.

"Let's get back to the hike. The viewpoint isn't coming to us."

Emma felt Lynn's hand squeeze hers as they walked on, a silent acknowledgment of their shared bond. They picked up their pace, the path underfoot growing a little steeper, but still manageable. Rachel's legs, muscled from years of manual labor in her bakery, powered her forward with an ease that made even Emma feel a twinge of envy.

Despite their differences in fitness levels, they all moved together, nobody was willing to leave a friend behind. The conversation flowed as easily as the trail ahead, each woman sharing stories of their children and spouses, their careers, and the mundane details of their lives that had filled the ten years apart.

Lilly spoke of her son's latest soccer triumphs, her voice filled with pride. Rachel shared the trials and tribulations of running her own business, her hands animated as she described the perfect sourdough starter. Lisa spoke fondly of her children, her words tinged with the exhaustion that only a mother of two could understand. Jane talked about her recent promotion at work, and her voice filled with excitement as she spoke of the challenges ahead.

As they reached their destination the view took their collective breath away. They had the lake sprawled out below them, a shimmering jewel nestled in the embrace of the valley. The water was a serene blue-green, the surface only occasionally disturbed by the ripples of a passing boat or the dive of a curious water bird. The distant mountains loomed over them, their peaks kissing the sky.

They set down their packs, the sound of zippers and rustling fabric echoing through the quiet.

Rachel pulled out a checkered blanket that she had brought along, a relic of their many adventures from the past. It had seen better days, with a few stains and patches, but it was as much a part of their group as they themselves.

"Is that what I think it is?" Lisa looked at the blanket in awe.

Rachel nodded, her mind filled with nostalgia.

"It's seen better days, but it's still got some life left in it."

Lilly was astonished.

"Wow....you know, that almost get me a little teary eyed." she said with a smirk.

Rachel chuckled and handed her a sandwich.

"Don't get too emotional, you're going to make me cry too." Rachel replied.

All stared at the blanket, it was old, quite possibly older than them and it was a companion on many of their adventures, and Rachel still held on to it. It had seen a lot, Rachel thought to herself, it had seen the beginnings and endings, the tears and the laughter, it was a silent witness to their friendship. Rachel spread it out with care, noticing how the fabric had softened over time, like a well-worn pair of jeans that fit perfectly. The familiar creases and stains brought a comforting smile to her face, as if each one was a memory etched into the very fabric of their lives.

They all sat down, their legs stretching out in front of them, the coolness of the grass a welcome respite from the warmth of the hike. Rachel pulled out more sandwiches, chips, and fruit, all carefully packed to prevent any bruising. The smell of the fresh bread and the faint scent of mayo wafted through the air, making their stomachs growl in unison. Rachel looked around at her friends, a sense of contentment settling over her as she handed out their lunches.

The chatter grew as they bit into their sandwiches, the juicy tomatoes squishing between the bread, the crunch of the crispy bacon echoing through their small gathering. The sound of chewing and the occasional sigh of satisfaction filled the space around them. They talked about the old days, reminiscing about the pranks they had pulled and the boys they had crushed on. The stories grew more outrageous with each telling, their laughter bouncing off the trees and mixing with the distant calls of the birds.

But amidst the nostalgia, Lilly's bladder grew increasingly impatient. She had been sipping on water throughout the hike, and now she felt the urgent need to relieve herself. She glanced around, her eyes landing on a small building in the distance. A toilet house, solitary and inconspicuous, beckoned to her with its promise of privacy. She couldn't hold it in much longer.

"Okay girls, gotta go take a piss." she said standing up.

"Wait, I'll come with you." Rachel said, getting to her feet. "I could use a pit stop too."

She hurried, noticing Lilly's impatience.

They made their way down the gentle slope, the little toilet house growing larger with each step. It was a simple, unassuming building, painted a fading shade of blue with a few blemishes here and there. The path was lined with wildflowers, their vibrant colors a stark contrast to the relative starkness of the outhouse. As they reached the door, Rachel took a deep breath, preparing herself for the inevitable assault on her nostrils. Lilly's hand hovered over the wooden handle, and Rachel gave her an encouraging nod. With a grimace, Lilly pulled the door open, and the stench hit them like a wall. It was a foul cocktail of stale urine, decaying feces, and something else, something that neither of them could quite place. Rachel's stomach lurched, her hand flying to her mouth to stifle a gag.

"Oh fuck no! Rachel, I am not setting foot in that shit-hole!" Lilly exclaimed, her voice echoing across the serene landscape.

Rachel couldn't argue, the floor was indeed wet, and the puddles were definitely not the result of a spilled water bottle. They both took a step back, the stench threaten to cling to their clothes.

"Looks like we're not going in." Rachel said, her voice muffled by her hand.

She couldn't help but feel a twinge of disappointment. The bathroom at the campground had been clean, a small bastion of civilization in the great outdoors. But here, in the middle of their hike, they were faced with something entirely different.

They both retreated back the way they came, their faces twisted in disgust and their eyes watering slightly. Rachel took a deep breath and chuckled through her nose.

"Well, that's one way to ruin a picturesque moment." she quipped, her attempt at humor not quite covering the revulsion.

Lilly nodded, her hand still over her mouth.

"I can't believe they expect people to use that." she said, her voice muffled by her hand.

Rachel nodded in agreement.

They returned to the group, who were busy passing around a bag of chips and chatting about the view. Jane looked up at their approach, her eyes questioning.

"Everything okay? That was fast." she asked, noticing their expressions.

"Yeah." Rachel said, her voice still nasal from holding her breath. "The toilets are a bit...rustic."

Lisa and Lynn exchanged a knowing glance, their eyebrows raising in unison.

"Rustic, huh?" Lisa said, her tone teasing.

Rachel nodded, trying to keep a straight face.

"Let's just say I'll be holding it until we get back to the camping ground." Rachel said, her voice filled with a humor.

Emma looked concerned.

“You okay, Rachel?" she asked, reaching out to pat Rachel's shoulder.

Rachel nodded, a smile playing on her lips despite the situation.

"I'm good. I didn't have to go that badly."

"Well, I won't wait! And I will not let a dirty toilet stand between me and my relief!" Lilly exclaimed with a determined look in her eyes.

She turned away from the group, her gaze scanning the perimeter for a suitable bush to hide behind. Her bladder was full, not painfully but enough to not be ignored. The others nodded, understanding the urgency without the need for words. They watched her go, their eyes following her until she was out of sight. Then, they turned their attention back to the lake view, munching on their sandwiches and continuing their reminiscing.

Lilly picked her way through the underbrush, her eyes searching for the perfect spot. She knew from experience that it had to be far enough from the trail that no one would accidentally wander by, but also close enough that she could make a quick retreat if needed. The tree she chose was sturdy, its rough bark biting into her skin a bit as she leaned against it for balance. She pulled down her shorts and panties, letting them rest on her mid-thighs. The coolness of the forest air kissed her bare skin, sending a shiver of excitement up her spine. With a deep breath, she spread her legs in a high squat, her feet firmly planted on the ground.

The relief was immediate. Her pee streamed out, a clear line of liquid that parted her lips before splattering on the earth below. The sound of it hitting the ground was oddly rhythmic, a gentle tune that only she could hear. It was as if nature itself was applauding her decision to give in to her body's needs. She watched as a few stray drops danced in the air before landing on her shoes.

The feeling of the warm liquid against her skin was comforting, one reason why she always chose a high squat. The smell of the forest melded with the scent of her urine, creating a potent bouquet that was pleasant to her. The droplets on her calves sparkled in the sunlight, a glittering path that led back to her thighs.

After a few moments, her flow slowed to a trickle. She took a deep breath, savoring the feeling of her bladder now empty and content. A last spurt escaped as she squeezed her thighs together, a final moment of bliss.

Carefully, she pulled a tissue from the pocket of her shorts, starting with wiping her lower lips, almost a little to gentle and a small sigh escaped her mouth, then she wiped her calves of any remaining droplets, her skin feeling cool and refreshed under the soft paper. She balled up the used tissue and tucked it into her back pocket, she never left her trash behind.

Lilly's face was flushed, not from embarrassment but from the exhilaration of the moment.

She felt alive, loving the feeling of relief.

She pulled her underwear and shorts back into place, smoothing out the fabric with a practiced ease. Standing up straight, she took a moment to appreciate the view, the tree line stretching out before her, the whisper of the breeze playing with her hair. Then, she turned and made her way back to the group, her steps lighter and more relaxed than before.

As she approached, Rachel looked up, a question in her eyes.

"You okay?" she asked.

"Better than okay!" Lilly said, a wry smile playing on her lips.

"I found a perfect spot. It's all yours if you want it."

“I'll manage." she said, patting her own bladder gently. "But thanks for the offer."

Lilly shrugged and sat back down, her legs crossing casually.

"Your loss." she said, popping a grape into her mouth.

Rachel's gaze lingered on the spot where Lilly had disappeared into the trees. She knew her friend had found relief, and a part of her felt the tug of jealousy. But she was far away from her limit so she just held it in, enjoying the feeling of growing need. Rachel had always been one to push herself, even in the most mundane of bodily functions. It was a strange thrill, a silent challenge she had set for herself.

Meanwhile, Jane's situation grew more precarious with every passing minute. She shifted uncomfortably on the blanket, her eyes darting around the group, hoping no one would notice her plight. Her bladder was sending her distress signals, a persistent and growing pressure that she had been trying to ignore. Her hands fidgeted in her lap, her legs crossing and uncrossing as she searched for a comfortable position. But there was none to be found. The tightness grew, the need more demanding with each passing moment.

Lisa, ever perceptive, leaned over, her voice low and concerned.

"Jane, do you need to go pee?" she whispered, her eyes searching Jane's.

Jane's cheeks flushed, and she felt a wave of shyness wash over her. It was like they were back in school again, and she was the one who hadn't quite figured out the bathroom routine.

"No, I'm okay." Jane replied, her voice small and unconvincing.

But Lisa knew better. She had seen that look before, the one that screamed 'please save me' without uttering a word. She placed a hand gently on Jane's arm, her touch firm but reassuring.

"You don't have to be shy.” Lisa said, her tone more insistent this time.

"We've all been there. If you need to go, just tell us."

Jane looked into Lisa's eyes, and for a moment, she was lost in their warmth and understanding.

She felt a strange sense of comfort, a feeling of being cared for that she hadn't experienced in years. Her resolve crumbled, and she nodded, her eyes wide and a little scared.

"I do." she admitted, her voice filled with a little urgency. "I really have to go."

Lisa stood up, holding her hand out to Jane.

"Come, let's go then." Jane nodded and took Lisa's hand as she stood up.

Lilly noticed the distress in Jane's eyes and smirked, knowing all too well the feeling.

"You know that spot I used a few minutes ago?" she whispered, leaning in closer.

Jane nodded, her curiosity piqued.

"It's perfect for when you really need some privacy." Lilly continued, her voice lower so only they could hear.

"Much better than what you had to do last night at the campfire."

The memory of the awkward moment rushed back to Jane, and she felt a blush spread across her cheeks.

"But how did you...?"

"We had a bit to drink, but we where not that drunk! Also we are not blind, well except those two bozo's maybe!" Lilly said with a laugh, pointing to Emma and Lynn.

"But we didn't say anything because, well, we figured you needed the support." Rachel smiled.

Jane felt a mix of embarrassment and relief. It was comforting to know that her friends had noticed and chosen to be discreet, but the thought of them all knowing she had to pee in front of the fire last night made her cheeks burn even hotter.

Lisa send a stern look towards Rachel and Lilly, but it was clear that there was no real anger behind it.

"Girls!" she said in a firm but playful tone. "Sometimes, it's best to keep some things to ourselves." Rachel and Lilly exchange a knowing glance, smiles playing on their lips.

Lisa turned to Jane, whose blush had deepened.

"Come on." she said gently, taking Jane's hand and tugging her to her feet.

"We're going to find that spot Lilly talked about."

Jane felt the comfort of Lisa's firm grip as they made their way through the underbrush.

The memory of those countless times when one of them had taken her hand and led her into the next adventure washed over her. It was a simple gesture that had always meant she wasn't alone, that she was part of something bigger.

Now, as an adult, it brought back a rush of nostalgia and a surprising sense of comfort. It was rather funny as she thought about it, at home she had it all figured out. Sure, she loved when her husband pampered her but who wouldn't? She was her daughter's rock if she needed one. And in her job she ordered people around with a stern look and a sharp tongue when needed. But here, in the forest, with her old friends, she was the young shy girl again, getting dragged along by the very same people who had once taught her to stand up for herself. And she actually liked it.

When they reached the tree that Lilly had pointed out, Lisa released Jane's hand, giving her a knowing look.

"You know how it works." she said with a wink.

As Jane looked around, the reality of the situation set in. The tree was just a tree, and she was just a woman with an overfull bladder.

"Lisa, can you... help me like yesterday?" Jane asked, her voice tentative.

Lisa's eyes widened in surprise.

"You're not serious, right?" She couldn't believe what she was hearing.

Jane, the woman who had faced boardrooms with the confidence of a lioness, was asking for the same treatment she had given her own children.

"Well, not really." Jane admitted, her cheeks still aflame. "But it did help a lot when you talked to me and... stroked my back." Her voice was barely a whisper, and she couldn't quite meet Lisa's gaze.

Lisa chuckled, the absurdity of the situation not lost on her.

"Okay, okay." she said, her voice softening. "But only because we're friends and because I know you're just joking... mostly."

Jane nodded, a small smile playing on her lips as she took a deep breath. She positioned herself in front of the tree, her back to the trunk. With trembling hands, she pulled down her pants and panties, letting them pool around her ankles. She took a deep breath, feeling the coolness of the air against her bare skin, a fern brushing against her calves.

Lisa squatted down beside her, her eyes focused on a spot just beyond the tree line. She didn't want to make eye contact, to spare Jane the embarrassment. Instead, she laid her hand on Jane's back, her palm warm and reassuring.

"Take your time." she murmured, her voice low and soothing. "Just let it go."

Jane's cheeks burned, but she felt the tension in her body begin to melt away. Lisa's touch was surprisingly comforting, a gentle reminder that she wasn't alone. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, feeling the pressure in her bladder build. And then, with a sound that was almost a sigh of relief, the pee began to flow. At first, it was just a dribble, a reluctant little stream that spattered against the ground. But as the seconds ticked by, the flow grew stronger, more insistent.

Jane felt the muscles in her pelvis relax, the warmth spreading between her legs as the liquid arced outward, splashing against the ground with a sound that seemed far too loud in her mind.

The spray was a little wider than she had anticipated, and she felt a drop land on her shoe.

But she did not care much, Lisa had lived through worse.

Lisa continued to whisper words of encouragement, her hand rubbing gentle circles on Jane's back. The gesture was soothing, and it helped Jane to feel more free to relax.

The warmth of the sun on her bare skin, the rustle of the leaves above, and the gentle pressure of Lisa's hand all combined to form a perfect tableau of friendship and nature.

And as the flow grew weaker, as her bladder emptied, she felt a warmth spread through her that had nothing to do with the sun on her skin.

"You're all done?" Lisa said, her voice still gentle but with a hint of amusement.

"Now, I'm not going to wipe you is that clear? Unless you want me to go full mom-mode and get the diapers out."

Jane giggled, the sound echoing through the little clearing. The idea, while absurd, sent a thrill through her. But she knew it was just a playful tease. She was a grown woman, after all, a successful one at that.

"No thanks, no diapers today." she said, a bit too happy, the thought lingering just a second too long in her mind. She forcefully pushed it away, focusing on the warm hand on her back.

They both stood up, and Jane turned to face her friend. Lisa was smiling at her, the teasing light in her eyes.

"You know." Jane said. "It's silly, but having you take care of me like that...it feels really good."

"Well." Lisa said, her expression softening. "we've all got our peculiarities, right?" She stepped closer, her hand moving to Jane's shoulder.

"And if that's what you need, I'm happy to help. From time to time." She said with a wink.

Jane felt a sudden rush of affection for Lisa, for her understanding, and for her friendship.

She leaned into the touch, closing her eyes briefly.

"Thank you." she murmured. "I don't know what I'd do without you girls."

"You'd probably just pee in the bushes like we all do. Just with a bit more start up time." Lisa said with a laugh, and Jane couldn't help but laugh with her. It was true, she had done it before. But there was something about this moment, about being cared for in such a basic way that made it feel special.

"Since I'm already here. I might go as well." Lisa smiled as she pulled her pants down, revealing her natural growth of hair. The stark contrast of Lisa's natural bush against the backdrop of Jane's shaved mound intrigued her once again. She wasn't gay, never had felt any inclination in that direction, but she couldn't help but feel a fascination with the way Lisa's body functioned so effortlessly in this setting. It was a stark reminder of the differences between them, and yet, it was oddly mesmerizing.

Lisa began to pee, her stream strong and sure. A few droplets ricocheted off Jane's puddle, creating little ripples that spread through the clearing. It was a strange dance, a ballet of bodily functions that somehow felt both intimate and wholly natural. Jane's eyes lingered, watching as Lisa's urine soaked into the hair around her lips, acting as a sort of dam, keeping the flow more orderly.

The sight of Lisa's pee interacting with her own was oddly interesting.

As Lisa's pee slowed to a trickle, Jane couldn't help but feel a twinge of something she couldn't quite put her finger on. It wasn't attraction, not in the traditional sense.

Jane believed it had to do with the care she just got from Lisa, the feeling of being held by a warm embrace, even if it was just in words and a gentle touch on the back.

Lisa didn't even bother to wipe, her panties sticking slightly to her skin as she pulled them back up. Jane watched, feeling a pang of envy. It was something she had never quite mastered, this nonchalance when it came to bodily functions. But she knew Lisa had her own battles, her own moments of mortification that came from the occasional squirt that got away.

Lisa had always been more in tune with her body, more comfortable with it's whims and needs. Jane, on the other hand, had spent years in the corporate world, where such things were best kept private, hidden away beneath layers of tailored suits and perfectly applied makeup. But here, in the wilderness, with her oldest friends, she felt a strange freedom, a liberation from the constraints of adulthood.

"I'm kinda envious...." Jane murmured more to herself than Lisa, she always had to coax her bladder to release, even when the pressure was almost hurting.

Yet Lisa catched the little murmur, smiling to Jane.

"Envious of me? I hope not of my peeing habits." Lisa said with a laugh, breaking the quiet.

She punched Jane playfully in the arm.

"You know I've had more than a few 'oops' moments with the whole peeing thing."

Jane nodded.

"Still, I always need five minutes just to start peeing, and half the time I end up not going at all because it feels weird with other people around." she said with a sigh.

Lisa shrugged.

"Mine has had its share of surprises too, especially after the kids." She patted her crotch lightly, the fabric of her pants dry this time.

"But hey, at least you don't have to worry about an accidental pee shower when you laugh too hard."

They both laughed, the sound echoing through the trees. Maybe it was a strange thing to find humor in, but it was their shared history, their shared understanding of each other's flaws and foibles that made it so funny. They had seen each other at their worst and their best, and somehow, it all just made them closer. And that close bond was still strong as ever.

They made their way back to the picnic spot, their conversation turning to the past. Jane talked about her early years in the corporate world, the constant pressure to perform and the lack of bathroom breaks. Lisa nodded along, sharing her own stories of midnight feedings and diaper changes, her bladder's newfound tendency to betray her.

Upon returning they found the rest of the group in a lively conversation, the laughter and chatter filling the area of the view point. Rachel was mid-story, her animated gestures making her look like she was conducting an orchestra. Lynn and Emma sat close together, their hands entwined, their eyes sparkling with the excitement of their newfound love. It was a sight that brought a smile to both Jane and Lisa's faces.

The way Lynn looked at Emma, it was like they were teenagers again, discovering the electric thrill of a first kiss behind the school bleachers. They sat with a familiarity that spoke of years of friendship and now, something more. Rachel was in the middle of a story that had everyone leaning in, even Lilly's sassy comments took a backseat. It was as if time had rolled back and they were all sitting around in the backyard sharing secrets under the stars.

As time moved on so did the conversation and so naturally too, each of them sharing snippets of their lives that had been missed in the decade since they had last seen each other. Emma was humoring the others with stories of outrageous cases she had seen, of course without breaking anything confidential to them, too many witnesses she claimed with a wink. Lilly spoke of her life as a stay-at-home mom, the joy and the chaos, the love and the frustration that came with raising a son who inherited his mothers worst character traits. Lynn had mostly office gossip but that was because her Excel-skills weren't that interesting to the other's and she really did not want to talk about her divorce. As they talked and laughed, they realized that even though life had taken them in different directions, they were still the same people they had been. They had grown, they had changed, but the essence of who they were remained untouched by the years.

They had all faced their own battles, but here, in the embrace of the woods, they were just six friends sharing their lives like they did in the past. They had come to the realization that despite the distance of time and geography, they could always find their way back to each other.

Jane and Lisa sat back down, joining the conversation but a few minutes later Emma looked up, curiosity and a hint of mischief in her eyes.

"So, where's this 'legendary' pee spot?" she asked, her voice trying it's best to sound epic.

Lilly, Lisa and Jane explained it to her, and Emma's eyes lit up with more excitement than necessary, her normal life was filled with files nowadays so a little peeing in the woods set her strangely on fire.

"Alright." she said, her voice filled with mock anticipation. "I'm going to check it out."

Without another word, Emma stood up, her movements swift as always, and headed into the woods. Lynn watched her go, a knowing smile playing on her lips. She knew what was coming next. Before anyone could say anything, she was on her feet, her hand shooting up.

"Wait for me!" she called, and took off after Emma.

"Can't you have a moment without each other?" Lilly called out with a laugh as Lynn bolted after Emma.

Lynn smiled back.

"Don't you know, women pee in packs!" she shouted over her shoulder.

"If you two don't come back in five, I'm coming for you with the water bottle." Lilly called after them, her laughter ringing through the campground.

Emma and Lynn disappeared into the foliage, the sound of their laughter fading as the forest swallowed them whole. Rachel felt a twinge of something in her bladder, a gentle reminder that she too would need to relieve herself some time in the future. But she didn't move, not yet. She liked the feeling, the anticipation, the way it made her feel all giddy.

Lynn had conquered Emma's hand again as they walked the short distance through the woods.

"Hey Em, wanna risk Lilly's wrath by making out?" Lynn teased, her eyes sparkling with mischief as they approached the secluded pee spot, their intertwined fingers swinging between them.

Emma giggled, the sound as light as the dappled sunlight that filtered through the leaves above.

"As tempting as that sounds, I would not be able to keep my pants dry."

"Oh I would hope that you don't stay dry when we make out." Lynn said, her smile turning seductive.

Emma had overseen the innuendo in her words, but Lynn rarely missed such things.

Also, she remembered how Emma peed in her sleeping bag that morning and that made her wet to be honest. It was something she hadn't told anyone yet. But it was a naughty little secret she held close to her heart or more fitting another place deeper on her body.

"Lynn! I meant I might pee if I get too excited and wait any longer!" Emma said, her cheeks flushing a deeper shade of pink.

But Lynn's teasing had already set the scene, and Emma couldn't help but feel a thrill of anticipation as she started to squat down, the muscles in her thighs flexing as she lowered herself.

Her shorts and panties slid down her legs stopping at her knees. She looked over at Lynn, who was doing the same, her eyes locked on Emma's. There was a certain mood in it as they took their positions opposite of each other, it was less planned and more like a natural acknowledgment between the two. Without actual will both women's eyes wandered down, drawn to the place where their legs parted. The sight was unexpectedly exciting. Lynn's plump pink labia were nestled in a well groomed sea of pubic hair, a stark contrast to the pale, hairless mound of Emma.

Both seem to wait for the other to begin or maybe they just wanted to soak in the view a bit longer.

But then Emma's stream started first, a forceful stream that painted the earth a darker shade of brown where it landed. It was as if a faucet had been turned on full blast, the sound of the liquid formed a raging hissing as it left her lower lips. Lynn watched with fascination, noticing the power of Emma's need. Lynn's own bladder felt heavy, the pressure building as she watched Emma's relief. She felt a liquid between her own lips that was definitely not pee, a testament to her body's response to the intimate moment. She took a deep breath, willing herself to start finally. And then her own stream began, a slightly less forceful but no less satisfying flow.

Their eyes met again for a short moment before she looked down again, this time Lynn's gaze lingered on Emma's sex. She saw the way the pee glistened on her folds, the way the skin looked so soft and inviting. It was a stark contrast to her own, and she couldn't help the sudden urge to reach out, to touch, to taste. Her tongue slipped out of her mouth, just for a second, licking her lips.

She didn't mean for it to be so obvious and plump, but Emma noticed.

"Lynn? Did you just lick your lips while staring at my pussy peeing?" she asked.

Lynn's cheeks burned hotter than the campfire they had sat around the night before.

"I... I just... It's just so... I didn't mean to stare." she stammers out, her heart racing in her chest.

She had never been caught in a moment like this before, and she didn't know what to say.

Emma looked at her, her eyes searching Lynn's face.

"What is it? What are you thinking?" she asked gently and filled with a curiosity to learn more about the woman she more and more saw as her partner.

Lynn took a deep breath, the scent of their mixed release penetrated her thought's and heightened her arousal.

"I... I just thought... I mean, it's just..." she trailed off, unsure of how to voice her thoughts without sounding weird.

"You can tell me anything!" Emma reassured her, her voice soft and understanding.

"I won't judge you, I promise."

With those words, something inside Lynn snapped and she spilled the beans.

"When you peed in the sleeping bag... it was the hottest fucking thing I've ever seen." she blurted out, her voice filled with lust and uncertainty.

"And now, watching you pee like this... it's just... I don't know, it does something to me."

Emma's eyes widened in surprise, then a slow smile spread across her face.

"Really?" she asked, her voice filled with wonder. "You think it's sexy?"

Lynn nodded, her face still flushed.

"Yeah, I do." she admitted. "But I don't want it to mess us up. I don't want you to think I'm weird or anything."

"Lynn, I don't think you're weird." Emma said, reaching out to take Lynn's hand.

"So you really meant it when you said you think its hot this morning, I thought it was just...well...that I did not want to let go of your hand."

"That too! It absolutely was that too! But when I noticed you pee in the sleeping bag and didn't let go of my hand, it was...like...wow!" Lynn confessed.

"I've had this... thing for peeing, you know, since I was a teenager." she confessed, feeling more vulnerable than she had in years.

Emma's grin grew wider, a glint of excitement in her eyes.

"Well, if we're sharing sleeping bags tonight, I might just have an 'accident' knowing this." she said playfully, her voice dropping to a seductive tone.

"But only if you promise to hold my hand again."

The thought of it sent a thrill through Lynn, a delicious shiver that made her bladder clench and stopped her stream for a second.

"You're serious?" she asked, her voice a mix of disbelief and excitement.

"As a heart attack." Emma said, her hand squeezing Lynn's gently. "But only if you promise to keep it a secret."

"I'm not ready to tell that to the others, no worry." Lynn smiled.

"Then again, with the stuff we did back then and after yesterday night they would most likely just shrug and cheer for me." she giggled nervously.

Their streams finally subsided but before Emma could take a tissue out of her pocket, Lynn spoke up.

"Could you... not wipe?" she asked, her voice a little shaky. "I know it's weird, but just this once?"

Emma raised an eyebrow but didn't argue. With her new knowledge about Lynn's preferences and her memory of the warm feeling this morning, who was she to deny her?

She pulled her panties up, feeling the cool fabric brush against her still wet skin. Also she let the last dribbles of pee trickle out of her and soaking the fabric of her panties, creating a dark spot that grew before their eyes.

Lynn gasped, her breath catching in her throat. She had never seen anything so erotic in all her life. "Emma, I love you!" she said, her voice filled with passion.

Emma felt a warmth spread through her chest, a feeling she hadn't felt in a very long time.

"I love you too, Lynn." she murmured, her eyes never leaving Lynn's.

Then she noticed that Lynn also had a small wet spot on her panties, as she also did not wipe though it was not half as big as Emma's, since Lynn finished with her pants down.

After both were ready and presentable again they made their way back, but suddenly Lynn grinned mischievously and checked her watch.

"We have twenty-one seconds to the five minutes we were given before Lilly comes after us."

She whispered to Emma, her voice low and filled with mischief.

"Wanna see if she keeps her promise?"

Emma's eyes gleamed at the thought, and she nodded eagerly. They both giggled like naughty schoolgirls, the sound of their laughter blending with the rustling leaves as they wait behind a nearby bush, their hearts racing. They knew that their giggling was loud enough to carry back to the others, but they didn't care. It was a game and they wanted to play it.

Lilly looked to them, their hiding skills not as great as they thought.

"I see you you silly geese! You think you can hide from me?" she called out, her laughter carrying on the breeze.

"And now come out, I have to hear the story of the worst sex of your lives if it did not even take five minutes!" They both came out of the bushes giggling but also a bit flustered.

"Hey! Shut it! There are other people!" Emma hissed.

"Don't get your panties in a twist, nobody heard me." Lilly winked at them, her voice playful as she approached.

"But really, we did not think you would come back in time."

'"Let us make one thing perfectly clear, we did not have sex nor did we plan to!" Emma announced dramatically as they got closer, though their cheeks were a bit rosy from the conversation they shared moments earlier. Rachel, Lilly and Lisa couldn't help but boo playfully, their laughter bouncing off the trees around them.

"Aw, you're no fun!" Rachel teased. "We were all hoping for a juicy campfire confession!"

"Well, sorry to disappoint you!" Lynn said with a wink and a grin.

"But we're saving the good stuff for the sequel."

Jane clenched her fist and hit the ground a bit.

"Oh damn!" she exclaimed, her eyes widening and she pouted.

The others looked at Jane quite a bit shocked over her little tantrum, it seemed she hoped for some sexy details even more than the others.

"You know, you can be scary sometimes. " Rachel joked, her eyes filled with a mixture of humor and a little bit of concern.

Jane's cheeks flushed a deep shade of crimson, and she quickly covered her mouth with her hand.

"I, I didn't mean to say that out loud!" she squeaked, her eyes wide with embarrassment.

Rachel and Lilly burst out laughing, and even Lisa couldn't help but chuckle at the sight of their usually reserved friend looking so angry.

"It's alright, Jane." Rachel said, her voice warm and comforting.

"We all have our moments."

Lilly patted Jane on the back, her eyes sparkling with amusement.

"Don't worry, we won't hold it against you, but if we see a bear we send you first." she assured her with a grin.

But Lynn had other ideas. She turned to Emma, her expression a mix of mischief and challenge. "You know what, Em? Maybe we should give them a little taste of what they're asking for." she said, her eyes flicking to the other women, who were watching the exchange with growing interest.

Without waiting for a response, Lynn leaned in and pressed her lips against Emma's, her hand snaking around her waist and pulling her close. Emma's eyes went wide with surprise, but she didn't pull away. Instead, she melted into the kiss, her body fitting against Lynn's like they had done this a hundred times before. The passion between them was almost touchable, a promise of many more kisses to come. This time they even put more passion in it then after the song.

The group erupted into cheers and claps, Rachel's and Lilly's laughter leading the way.

"Looks like we've got ourselves a good show!" Rachel exclaimed, her voice filled with excitement. Jane's eyes were wide, her hand flying to her mouth as she watched her two friends share an intimate moment in front of her.

Emma's medium-sized breasts pushed against Lynn's, their nipples hardening as the kiss deepened and their feelings growing. They finally broke apart, panting, and turned to their friends.

With a dramatic bow, they both grinned, the tension of the moment shattered by their playfulness but their passion lingered.

"Thank you! Thank you!" Lynn said, waving to their cheering audience like they were on stage.

Emma leaned into the moment, placing a hand on her chest and striking a pose.

"We aim to entertain!" she called out, her voice clear and confident.

The group's laughter faded into a comfortable chuckle, and Rachel looked at her two friends with a knowing smile. She knew they had more in store for each other, and she was happy to see them so open and carefree. Maybe they all witnessed the birth of something great. As the time walked on they finished their picnic and they quickly packed up their belongings, making sure to leave the spot as pristine as they had found it. As Rachel folded the blanket neatly she felt a familiar pressure in her bladder, a feeling she had learned to enjoy rather than dread over the years. She didn't always had the time for toilet break when the need hit her and so she grew fond of the feeling of a full bladder.

As Emma looked around to see if they hadn't forgot anything she found a sign, it was not overly big but catched her eye anyway. It read 'River Rush Rafting - Experience the Thrill of the Rapids with our Pro Guides'. A picture of a rafter holding onto their life jacket with a wide smile as they plummeted down the river was shown. She couldn't help but feel a sudden jolt of excitement.

"Girls! Look at this!" she said, pointing to the sign.

"We absolutely have to do this!" Her eyes sparkled with excitement, and her voice was filled with enthusiasm.

Lisa looked over, her curiosity piqued.

"I don't know, I mean is it safe?" she asked, her eyebrow arching.

"It's totally safe!" Emma assured her, her eyes gleaming with joy.

"You just sit in the boat and the guides do all the work. It's like a roller coaster, but with water! Look it says no experience required!" She pointed to the words on the sign, how dangerous could it be when they took in total newbies.

Lynn and Lilly exchanged a look, the thrill of adventure sparkling in their eyes.

"I'm in!" Lynn said without hesitation, her voice filled with excitement.

"Count me in, too!" Lilly added with a grin.

Lisa studied the sign for a moment, her hand absentmindedly playing with the waistband of her shorts.

"I haven't been on a raft in ages." she mused. "But what the hell, let's do it!"

She flashed them a grin, her maternal instincts of security momentarily forgotten in the face of nostalgic thrill. Jane looked a bit nervous, but she didn't want to be left out.

"I... I think I can handle it." she said, her voice quivering slightly.

Rachel noticed her friend's nerves and gave her a reassuring pat on the shoulder.

"Don't worry, Jane." Rachel said, her voice warm. "We'll all be in the same boat. We'll look out for each other."

The group of friends headed towards the rafting spot, chattering and laughing as they went.

Rachel felt the familiar tightness in her bladder, a reminder of her own little need. She had always loved the feeling of waiting until the last possible moment to pee, even in younger years and her bakery teached her to really savor it, the anticipation building with the delicious pressure inside her. She decided against relieving herself in the bushes, feeling the challenge instead. It was a thrill she hadn't felt in a long time, and she was pretty sure she could hold it until they got to the bathroom.

The excitement grew as they followed the signs to the rafting area, the sound of rushing water growing louder with every step. Rachel's heart raced, not just from her bladder's protests but from the excitement of the adventure ahead. The sight of the river, with its frothy rapids and serene pools, brought a smile to her face. It was like a playground for adults, and she couldn't wait to dive in.

The station was bustling with activity, but the line moved quickly.

Two young women, Jenny and Sara, approached them, their bright smiles warm and inviting. They looked gorgeous with their easy confidence and the way the water droplets glistened on their sun-kissed skin.

"Welcome to River Rush Rafting!" Jenny exclaimed, her voice bubbly.

"I'm Jenny and this is my friend Sara!" She pointed to the other guide, who was equally cheerful. The buzz of excitement grew as Rachel, Emma,Lilly, Lisa, Lynn, and Jane approached the bustling station. The air was thick with the scent of wet fabric and the distant roar of rushing water.

"You're going to have so much fun!" Sara added, her eyes sparkling with enthusiasm. She began explaining the procedures as Rachel's bladder gave a gentle reminder of its growing impatience, but she ignored it, focusing instead on the thrill of the adventure ahead. The guides' instructions were clear and thorough, detailing how to paddle, how to sit in the raft, and what to do if they fell in, though that should not happen.

They made their payment and handed over their phones and other such devices to Jenny, who placed them in a watertight bag with the practiced ease of someone who had done it a hundred times before. Rachel watched as the bag was secured to the side of the raft, her bladder giving a little twinge of protest at the thought of being so near water and not being able to relieve herself.

After they got their vests and helmets they approached one of the boats.

"Alright, ladies, let's get you set up!" Jenny said, her smile never wavering as she helped Rachel and Lilly into the front of the raft. Rachel couldn't help but feel a little self-conscious as she sat down, her bladder now front and center in her thoughts, she really underestimated the effect the river would have on her. She tried to focus on the excitement of the adventure ahead, the way the sun glinted off the waves, but the pressure was growing.

Lisa and Jane settled into the middle of the boat, their eyes wide as they took in their surroundings. Rachel could see the nerves in Jane's posture, her hands gripping the ropes tightly. But Rachel knew that once they hit the rapids, those nerves would turn to pure exhilaration.

Emma and Lynn took their places at the back of the boat, the thrill of their recent kiss still lingering between them. Rachel noticed the way Lynn's eyes kept darting to Emma's crotch, and she couldn't help but smirk at their private thoughts, maybe she should warn them, but now it was impossible.

Jenny took her position at the front, her paddle at the ready.

"You guys are going to love this!" she called out, her enthusiasm infectious.

Sara sat behind Lynn and Emma, her paddle slicing through the water with a smooth, practiced motion. The river was calm at first, the raft gliding gently along the surface. Rachel took a deep breath, letting the cool air fill her lungs. The sun was warm on her skin, and the sound of the water was like a lullaby. Her bladder protested again, but she was determined to ignore it. The scenery was breathtaking, the trees leaning over the river as if sharing secrets, their leaves whispering in the breeze. The water was a deep, clear blue, almost calling them to jump in, but they knew that would be a bad idea.

Then as they rounded a bend, the river began to pick up speed. Rachel could feel the tension in the boat as the current grew stronger, the gentle murmur of the water turning into a steady, rhythmic crescendo. The serene drift had become a thrilling ride, the kind that made your heart race and your palms sweat. She tightened her grip on the ropes, her eyes fixed on the churning white froth ahead.

Jenny and Sara's voices grew louder, their laughter mixing with the sound of the river as they shouted commands.

"Paddle hard! Left! Right! Hold on!"

Rachel felt a thrill run through her as she obeyed, her body moving in sync with the others. The water sprayed up at them, cooling Rachel's flushed skin. Despite the excitement, she was acutely aware of her bladder's insistent pleas, the pressure now a constant throb.

The river grew wilder, the rapids approaching with an intimidating roar. Rachel's heart raced, her pulse pounding in her ears. This was what she lived for, the kind of adventure that made her feel alive. And yet, there was a nagging voice in the back of her mind, reminding her of her need to pee.

As they approached the another set of rapids, Rachel felt a rush of adrenaline. The boat dipped and swerved, the water rushing over the sides and soaking them all. Rachel squealed with excitement, her body bracing against the waves. But as the boat slammed down into the water, she felt a sudden, sharp pain in her lower abdomen. Her eyes widened, her mind racing. In the midst of the chaos, Rachel couldn't help but wonder if she had made a mistake. Was this thrill worth the discomfort she was feeling? But she pushed the thought aside, focusing on the task at hand. They were a team, a united front against the river's fury. And if she could hold on just a little longer, she knew the reward would be worth it.

As they traveled on, Rachel's bladder protested again and again, sending a jolt of pain through her body. She gritted her teeth, determined not to let it ruin the moment. But Lilly, had noticed Rachel's shifting mood. She leaned in, her eyes filled with concern.

"You okay?" she shouted over the noise of the river but just enough for Rachel to hear.

Rachel nodded, trying to keep her voice light.

"Just a little... uncomfortable." she yelled back, her eyes dancing with mischief.

She didn't want to admit her predicament outright, but she knew Lilly wasn't stupid.

Lilly raised an eyebrow, her gaze flicking down to Rachel's crotch.

"You need to go?" she asked, her voice low enough that only Rachel could hear.

Rachel nodded.

"You know, Rachel." Lilly began playfully, her voice rising over the sound of the river.

"You really should have peed when we had the chance in the woods. That's what the rest of us did!" Rachel shot her a glare, but the mischief in Lilly's eyes was unmistakable. She knew Rachel had been holding it in for the thrill, and she wasn't about to let her forget it.

"I can handle it!" Rachel said through gritted teeth, her face a picture of determination.

"I'm not a little girl anymore."

But Lilly wasn't done teasing.

"Are you sure?" she called out.

"Yes I am!" Rachel grinned, but she was not as sure as she made it seem.

After the next wild portion Rachel sat a bit more tight, her legs pressing together. Lilly noticed the predicament of her friend and with a cheeky grin she mouthed the words

"Just go, Rachel, we're already wet anyway."

Rachel's eyes widened, and she shook her head vigorously, her cheeks flushing with a mix of embarrassment and excitement. She wasn't quite ready to take that leap of faith, but the idea was tempting. They hit another set of rapids, the boat bucking like a wild horse.

Rachel's bladder protested again, sending another wave of panic through her body. She tightened her muscles, willing herself to hold on just a little longer. The cold spray of water only made the sensation more intense, her body betraying her with every bump and jolt.

Rachel's mind raced, the thrill of the adventure now intertwined with the unbearable pressure in her lower tummy.

Lilly watched Rachel with a knowing smile, the mischief in her eyes growing with every twist and turn of the river. Rachel's eyes darted from her friend to the rushing water, then back again. The idea of giving in to her body's demand in such a public and wild setting was both terrifying and exhilarating. She felt a strange thrill at the thought of peeing in the raft, the warmth spreading through her shorts unnoticed by the others.

The boat shot through the next rapids, each plunge sending a fresh spray of cold water over Rachel's body. Her heart raced, and she could feel the tension building in her bladder, a crescendo of need that matched the river's roar. Rachel took a deep breath and nodded to Lilly, her decision made.

If an accident was inevitable then she could just let go anyway.

With a wink, Rachel leaned a bit back in her seat, her body relaxing slightly. She watched the river fly by, the world reduced to the water and the laughter of her friends. The anticipation was unbearable, her bladder screaming for relief. Rachel's gaze locked onto the horizon, her mind focusing solely on the task at hand.

With a deep breath, Rachel released her grip on her bladder, and the hot, unstoppable stream of urine began to flow. It was a strange sensation, the warmth of her pee mixing with the cold water from the river that clung to her clothes. She felt it soaking her panties and the crotch of her shorts, the fabric clinging to her skin as it grew heavier with the warm fluid. Rachel's face remained stoic, though her mind raced with many strange feelings.

The feeling was surprisingly sensual, the warmth spreading out from her pussy and soothing the cold that had seeped into her clothes from the river's splashes. The sound of her pee was lost in the roar of the water around them, but Rachel felt every drop, the sensation almost orgasmic as it filled her panties and began to splash down her legs. She bit her lip, her eyes squeezed shut, trying not to let the others know the secret she was sharing with the river, luckily Jenny looked at the river in front of them and Sara could not possibly see what she was doing from her point of view.

Her heart pounded in her chest, the thrill of the situation adding to the rush of the rapids.

Rachel had never done anything so wild and free, so utterly in the moment, honestly she was surprised how quick her body had let go of the flood into her clothes. The pressure in her bladder subsided slowly, and she felt lighter, more alive than she had in years. As the last drops fell, Rachel couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. She looked over at Lilly, who was grinning back at her, clearly aware of what had just happened. Rachel's eyes sparkled with mischief as she winked at her friend, a silent nod to their shared secret.

The rest of the ride was a blur of laughter and splashing water, Rachel's wet shorts a constant reminder of her daring choice. Her friends were none the wiser, their attention on the exhilarating ride ahead. The group pulled into the dock, their raft bobbing gently in the water. They all felt a twinge of regret that the adventure was over, but also a thrill of excitement for what might come next. As they climbed out of the boat, Rachel's legs were a little shaky, her body still tingling from the rush of peeing in such an unconventional way.

They gathered their things, Rachel discreetly checking that her secret was still safe. The others chattered away, their laughter infectious as they recounted their favorite moments of the trip.

Rachel couldn't help but feel a bit smug, her secret adding a delicious layer of naughtiness to the day's events. As they stepped out of the raft, Jenny and Sara were there to help them to the shore, their faces beaming with pride at the successful journey. Rachel couldn't help but notice the way their eyes lingered on their sodden clothes, a bit too long for a quick gaze.

"You guys were amazing out there!" Jenny exclaimed, her voice echoing with the excitement of the moment.

"You're all welcome back anytime!" Sara added with a wink.

The friends laughed and promised they'd consider it, already planning their next adventure together. They thanked the guides profusely, their smiles genuine and filled with the camaraderie of shared excitement. Jenny and Sara watched as they walked away, their hands waving high in the air.

"Well, they were definitely right in one aspect." Lisa looked down on her body and the others. "We're all absolutely drenched!"

They had all been soaked from head to toe more or less, their clothes sticking to their bodies like a second skin. The warmth of the day was a blessing, preventing any uncomfortable chill from setting in. Lisa's warm tone skin glowed with a sheen of river water, her hair plastered against her forehead, giving her a youthful look she hadn't had in years. Jane's skin had a little glint to it, with water droplets clinging to her lashes sparkling like little diamonds. Her petite frame was slightly more pronounced by the clinging fabric of her shirt and shorts, showcasing her small but sweet curves.

Emma and Lynn had similar reactions, their clothes clinging to their forms, revealing the athleticism and grace that came from their toned bodies. The wet fabric of Emma's shirt hugged her medium-sized breasts, her nipples peaked from the rubbing so much that even her bra could not hide them fully, while Lynn's shirt outlined the firmness of her own breasts, a hint of the attraction between them still lingering in the air. Rachel, the leader of the group, her skin now a rosy glow from the exertion, looked like a wild goddess emerging from a mythical river, her small muscles rippling slightly from the effort of the journey.

Lilly, Rachel's confidant, had a knowing look in her eye as she took in Rachel's wet state, her own red hair a wild mess around her face, the freckles on her chest standing out against her pale, now-damp skin. She had a mischievous smile playing on her lips, knowing Rachel's secret and enjoying the sight of her friend's daring and excitement.

"Oh well, if any of us has to pee now, we could just go, nobody would notice."

Lilly's comment was met with a round of laughter from the group.

The idea of peeing in their pants was ludicrous, but given their current state, it was a humorous thought. Rachel chuckled, her eyes sparkling with amusement. She knew what Lilly was referring to, and the shared secret between them was a little exciting.

"I mean, we're already soaking wet." Lilly said with a wink.

Rachel nodded in agreement, her grin widened slightly as she thought back to her earlier predicament and the solution.

Jane leaned in closer to Rachel, her voice low and conspiratorial, she had not forgotten that Rachel had to go as they arrived on the viewpoint. Now she must be bursting and so she leaned over to ask. Though she was not as covert as she thought.

"Rachel, do you still have to pee?" Jane whispered, her eyes wide with curiosity.

Rachel caught the question and felt a thrill at the thought of her secret escapade. She turned to Jane, her smile playful, and winked.

"Nope, I'm all good." she replied, her voice dripping with nonchalance.

The others, who had heard the exchange, looked at Rachel with a mix of confusion and suspicion. Her earlier agitation, the tight grip on the ropes, the sudden relaxation, it all painted a picture. But Rachel played it cool, her eyes dancing with mischief.

"Are you sure?" Lisa asked, her eyes scanning Rachel's wet shorts, trying to gauge if there was a telltale sign she had missed.

Rachel nodded, her cheeks flushing slightly.

"Yeah, I took care of it." she said with a smugness that didn't escape anyone's notice.

"You really did it!" Lynn shouted.

Rachel grinned broadly, the secret thrill of her daring act still coursing through her.

"What? Pee in my pants?" she teased, her eyes glinting with mischief.

"You think I can't handle a little discomfort?"

"You had to go when we reached the view point, that's hours ago now." Emma pointed out with a smirk.

Rachel had been the picture of relaxation during the last stretch of the river rafting, and now, standing on the shore with her wet shorts, the realization dawned on them all.

The group looked at Rachel with a mix of amazement and amusement. Rachel just shrugged, her eyes sparkling with the thrill of her secret.

"What can I say, when nature calls, sometimes you just have to answer." Rachel said with a cheeky smile.

The group erupted into laughter, the shared mood of the adventure and Rachel's audacity turning the situation into a new inside joke. The revelation of Rachel's little 'accident' had an unexpected effect on their friendship. It was as if Rachel's daring act had broken down another barrier between them, allowing them to be more open and uninhibited. The way Rachel's wet shorts clung to her skin, the way she walked with a little extra sass in her step, it was all a silent declaration of her liberation, and her friends couldn't help but find it infectious.

Lisa laughed, she felt the need again, Rachel's story had triggered something in her, something that had been building since they started the rafting adventure. Rachel had been so cool about it, and Lisa couldn't help but feel a strange sense of empowerment. She looked around, ensuring they were a safe distance from any other campers, and made her decision.

With a mischievous smile, Lisa stopped in the middle of the path. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and let go. The faint sound of her pee hissing was noticeable even through her pants.

"Are you peeing your pants?" Lynn shouted, her eyes wide with shock and amusement, pointing at Lisa's crotch.

Rachel's confession had set a wild spirit free in their midst, and Lisa had embraced it with open arms. The group watched in disbelief, their laughter echoing through the trees as they realized what was happening. The dark stain grew from a small spot to a significant wet patch, the yellowish liquid seeping through the fabric of her shorts and running down her legs like a stream.

"Yep, I guessed it's fair game now, no?" Lisa laughed herself.

Rachel and Lilly whooped in approval, while Jane and Emma looked on with a mix of amazement and admiration. Jane tried not to stare too much, but her eyes were glued to the spectacle.

The sound of Lisa's pee was like a soft splash as it hit the dry stones, a stark contrast to the roar of the river they had just left behind. The smell was faint but present, a natural scent that lingered just long enough to be noticed. Lisa's eyes remained open and unashamed, a declaration of her comfort and acceptance in their presence. The warmth of her pee spread through her shorts, leaving a wet trail down her legs, pooling at her feet. She swayed slightly, the relief palpable in her posture as she let go of any lingering inhibitions.

"And it feels great! Also, except you girl's nobody will ever know."

"Ew! Gross! As if I wanted to know!" Lilly exclaimed with mock horror, her smile a mile wide as she watched Lisa's shameless act unfold.

The river of urine grew more pronounced as it snaked down Lisa's legs, the fabric of her shorts now a soggy mess, the yellow tint giving away the nature of the fluid. Jane's eyes were still glued to the spectacle, her cheeks burning as she processed the scene. Rachel could see the curiosity in her eyes, the unspoken questions about Rachel's earlier secret. Rachel gave her a knowing look and a nod, acknowledging the silent understanding between them. Jane's blush deepened, but she couldn't tear her gaze away.

When Lisa finally finished, she looked up at her friends, her eyes gleaming with satisfaction.

"Way better now. And look, if you don't know you never would guess." She turned around once and her friends nodded in agreement, the evidence of her act almost invisible unless you knew what to look for. Rachel stepped forward and gave her a high five, their eyes meeting in a moment of shared rebellion and friendship.

“Well, I guess that proves that you really would piss your pants in front of us.” Lilly grinned.

The group continued their walk back to the campsite, their spirits higher than the birds soaring above them. Rachel couldn't help but feel a twinge of arousal at the thought of her friends' secret understanding. The warmth of the day would dry their clothes, water or pee and so they continued their way to their tent, no bathroom breaks required anymore.

*004*2024-12-23 07:29

Hello again, it's finally here.

Part 4

Their tent came back into vision after a nice stroll along the lake shore.

Emma and Lynn walked hand in hand again, their eyes glued to each other. For the moment Lilly even kept her relentless teasing away from them, she had two new targets. Rachel and Lisa.

"So, i guess you two have a new hobby hm?" she smiled with an eyebrow raised at Rachel.

Rachel just chuckled for a moment.

"I'm surprised you didn't join in." Rachel shot back.

"What me? No thanks, I'm not that desperate yet." Lilly shrugged her shoulders, smiling.

"Yet?" Lisa teased her back.

"I'm an adult you two, I don't go in my pants." she grinned.

Jane, who had listened, murmured quietly.

"You say that now, Lilly, but who knows. Maybe, given your interest in Rachel and Lisa, it's just a matter of time."

The group stared at Jane, yes she was the shy and quiet one, but when she wasn't, she had quite the cheeky side. They all couldn't help but burst out into laughter at the thought of Lilly peeing in her pants.

Rachel playfully nudged her. "You know, Jane could be onto something."

Lilly rolled her eyes in feigned protest. "Me? Pee in my pants?"

She paused for dramatic effect, her hand on her chest in mock horror.

"I don't think so. But if I ever do, I'll make sure to give you all a show like Lisa here." she quipped, pointing at Lisa with a wink.

"Hey, don't knock it till you've tried it!" Lisa said with a playful grin, her wet shorts still clinging to her thighs, highlighting her form. She didn't bother to wipe away the stray droplets that lingered on her skin, letting the warmth of the sun do the work for her. Her friends' laughter filled the air, a symphony of joy that seemed to resonate with the whole group.

They had all known each other for so long, seen each other through so much, that this new development was hardly anything to be embarrassed about. It was just another wild chapter in their long history of shared experiences.

Emma took Lynn aside, her voice a hushed whisper as she made sure only the two of them heard each other.

"Does this turn you on?" she asked, her eyes gleaming with a mix of curiosity and mischief and maybe a little bit of uncertainty. Lynn looked at Rachel and Lisa's wet shorts, then back to Emma, a nod followed.

"It's...kinda hot." she admitted, her cheeks flushing.

"But what you and I do...that's different. Stronger in a way if you like."

"You mean like me peeing in my sleeping bag to keep holding your hand?"

Emma asked, a smirk playing on her lips as she recalled the earlier morning's escapade.

Rachel's and Lisa's display brought back memories of her own daring act to stay close to Lynn. Emma had been unable to to let go of Lynn's hand, but she was not unable to let go of her bladder, no matter what it meant for her panties and sleeping bag.

Lynn nodded, her eyes sparkling with affection and desire.

"Yeah, exactly like this." she smiled, stepping closer to Emma.

"It was so hot and sexy! But what I feel for you know...that's on volcano level right now."

She leaned in, capturing Emma's lips in a passionate kiss, her hands roaming over the curves of her body, feeling the warmth of their shared love. Their kiss was deep and passionate, their tongues dancing together in a silent ballet. Emma's arms wrapped around Lynn's neck, pulling her closer as she moaned softly into her mouth, feeling the excitement build in her belly and a bit deeper too.

The feeling of wetting herself in her sleeping bag was nothing compared to the rush of emotions coursing through her as she kissed Lynn. Her heart raced like the river they had just conquered together as she thought of the thing's that kiss promised.

When they finally broke apart, they were both breathless, their eyes locked in a silent promise for more.

"I love you, Lynn." Emma whispered, her voice trembling with passion and dripping with affection.

"And I love you too, Emma." Lynn replied, her voice thick with emotion.

"No matter what we do, or what happens here, that will never change."

"Hey Lovebirds! If you eat yourselves i take it you're not hungry for dinner, right?" Lilly called out, her voice filled with laughter as she watched Emma and Lynn kissing passionately.

Rachel and Jane couldn't help but chuckle at her comment, breaking the romantic mood between the two just a bit.

"Maybe we should first start the fire again?" Rachel suggested, raising an eyebrow at Lilly.

"I mean, before you talk about who is hungry for what." Rachel's stomach rumbled a bit with all the talk about food.

Lilly's smile grew wider as she took in Rachel's and Lisa's still wet shorts.

"Well, I guess you two are already marinating." she quipped, her eyes sparkling with humor.

Rachel rolled her eyes though she smiled at the weird joke, it was somewhat fitting.

"Oh wet yourself already! You're envy is showing, just join us!"

Lisa called out, her voice filled with mock annoyance as she watched Rachel and Lilly's playful banter from the edge of the camp.

"Sorry girls, I don't need to pee, but I am kind of thirsty!"

Lilly exclaimed with a grin, taking another hearty gulp from her water bottle. Rachel's eyes narrowed playfully at her friend's antics, while Lisa chuckled, Jane followed that exchange with a curious gaze.

Emma took this as her cue to slip away and into the tent. She had been eager to check on her sleeping bag since they had returned from their adventure. The morning's events had left it damp and smelling faintly of urine, but the hours in the sun had worked their magic. She unzipped the bag and took a cautious sniff. The scent was faint, barely noticeable unless you were right beside it. "Perfect!" she murmured to herself, a naughty smile playing on her lips.

Though she knew it really didn't matter as tonight she would share Lynn's sleeping bag, she was kind of nervous about that, but the good kind that makes the skin feel all tingly with excitement. And maybe, just maybe, she would have another little 'accident'. The thought thrilled her as much as it did Lynn, who had been practically glowing since their earlier conversation. It was a thrilling little secret, a game of anticipation that only the two of them knew they were playing.

The sound of flowing fabric brought Emma out of her thoughts, and she looked up to see Lynn ducking into the tent, her eyes shining with mischief.

"Is it dry?" Lynn asked, her voice low and conspiratorial, her gaze flicking to the sleeping bag Emma had just checked. Emma nodded, her cheeks flushing slightly.

"Yeah, it's all good." she replied, her voice a little flustered.

She couldn't help but feel a thrill at the thought of what might happen tonight, the anticipation grew with every second. Lynn's smile grew wider.

"Good." she said, her smile then grew wider.

"Not that it matters I think, especially after Rachel and Lisa both peed themselves in front of everyone. But our little secret is just that, ours."

She stepped closer to Emma, her eyes filling with desire for her lover.

"It's like having a naughty little treasure we can share."

But before they could indulge in another kiss, the tent flap flew open again and Lilly stormed in, her face distorted in playful annoyance.

"Gosh dammit! You are like teenagers in heat! You have to be under constant surveillance!" she exclaimed, playfully shoving the lovebirds apart.

"Go make yourself useful! That constant kissing and being all lovey-dovey is unbearable!" she scolded, her voice a mix of laughter and mock-sternness.

Emma and Lynn couldn't help but laugh, the sensual mood changed in a more jovial.

"Alright, alright, queen of jealousy!"

Emma chuckled, taking Lynn's hand and pulling her out of the tent. Lilly smacked their asses playfully as they left, the sound echoing in the small space with a light slap.

They both squealed in surprise, turning to look at Lilly over their shoulders with mock indignation.

“Hey!” they said in unison.

Lilly grabbed the second cooler still filled with food. Her gaze shortly lingered on the other cooler, now empty, that Lisa had used as a makeshift toilet that morning. It was a testament of the depth of their friendship that something so private had been turned into a shared joke. The cooler sat there inconspicuous, a reminder of their bygone adventures of some sort, though they never been that wet in the past. She shrugged and followed Emma and Lynn, her lips slightly curled upwards.

Outside Rachel already had the fire going, just waiting for stuff to grill.

While Lisa and Jane were busy with the cutlery and plates. Emma and Lynn were trying to act busy as they could, especially as Lilly approached, cooler in hand.

They started cooking as they took their places on the logs around the fireplace.

Emma and Lynn sat on one log, Rachel and Lilly shared the next and Lisa and Jane took the last. Rachel and Lisa's shorts were almost dry now, the last remnants dissipating in the fires heat, but no one in the group gave it a second thought anyway. They were all too busy laughing and sharing stories, the smoky scent of the BBQ filling the air.

With great appetite from their adventurous day they ate like a hungry pack of wolves. Rachel and Lilly couldn't stop teasing each other, their laughter echoing through the trees, while Emma and Lynn shared knowing smiles, their hearts full of love and contentment. Jane and Lisa chuckled at their friends' antics, the warmth of the fire and the friendship making their spirits soar.

Sometimes other campers passed by their lot, their heads turned in curiosity at the sound of laughter from the group of friends. They all made sure to keep their conversations clean of spicy takes, at least if others could hear them.

But as the afternoon rolled into early evening, the distant thump of music grew louder, hinting at some kind of festival or gathering in the vicinity. The friends glanced at each other, their laughter momentarily halted by the pulse of the bass that seemed to resonate in the very earth beneath them. Rachel, looked around the circle.

"Well, I guess we know where the party's at." she said with a wink.

"Yep, its right here! No need to go anywhere else!"

Lynn exclaimed with a joyful laugh, her eyes sparkling with mischief as she gestured around their campfire. The distant music grew louder, a reminder of the world beyond their little oasis of friendship and acceptance.

"I couldn't agree more." Lisa said with a firm nod. "This weekend is about us, about reconnecting, and making new memories. And if there is party's elsewhere that keeps prying eyes away from us, that's even better."

The group nodded in unison, their faces reflecting the warm glow of the fire.

As if the universe had conspired to give them privacy, the other campers began drifting towards the distant party lights, their voices fading into the night.

Lilly watched them go, a smug smile playing on her lips.

"Well, I guess that's our cue to get wild." she smirked.

They had each other, and that was all they needed. And here, in the warmth of their friendship and the flicker of the firelight, they were free to be themselves without judgment or pretense.

The conversation moved on, tales of old adventures, of their lives and families made the round.

But then Rachel suddenly laughed a bit.

"I never in a million years thought I'd be peeing in my pants on a river raft!" she exclaimed, her eyes sparkling with mirth.

"Well, it was pretty wild!" Lilly said, grinning at Rachel.

"I've never seen you so desperate and then so relaxed, was quite a show."

Lisa chimed in with her expertise.

"For me, it's not that wild." she said with a shrug.

"My bladder's been playing up for years. But doing it in front of you all on purpose, that was definitely a new experience!"

The group chuckled at the nonchalance that accompanied such a strange topic.

Rachel felt a warmth spread through her, not just from the fire but from their friendship and shared experiences. She took a deep breath, feeling more alive than she had in a long time and she was sure she wasn't the only one feeling like that as she looked around her friends.

Funnily enough they all seemed to drink more today, everyone had a bottle nearby taking a swig every now and then. It was like their thirst was never sated.

They didn't need alcohol to spice up their night, the day's adventures had been more than enough. Time moved on as they laughed and talked, the sound of their voices mixing with the crackling of the fire and the distant thump of the music that grew louder with each passing moment.

For a while now they haven't seen another camper passing by and so their stories grew more spicy.

"And then Tom came into the bakery with just an apron!"

Rachel smiled, her cheeks flushed with the heat from both the fire and her memory.

"You should have seen the look on my face when he started kneading the dough!" Rachel's eyes glinted with mischief, her hands mimicking the motion of kneading with one hand while her other made a dangling motion between her legs.

Lisa chuckled. "So, did he knead something else that evening?"

"Well, i was planning on working but...let's just say it did not last long."

Rachel laughed back, her cheeks flushing slightly with excitement of the memory.

Emma leaned in, her curiosity piqued.

"You guys had sex in the bakery?" she asked, her voice a mix of surprise and amusement.

Rachel nodded, a knowing smile playing on her lips.

"Best bread of the week, I can tell you that much. No matter what others might have thought about it." she said with a wink.

The group erupted into laughter, the sound echoing through the trees and into the night.

Jane, usually the quiet one, took a sip from her water bottle before speaking up, her voice a little timid.

"Well, I have a story too." she began, her cheeks flushing a deep shade of pink.

"Mike and I, we once...you know..."

The group leaned in, their eyes wide with anticipation. Jane took a deep breath and continued.

"We were in a clothing store, and I was trying on dresses for work. You know how it is, trying to find something professional but also...alluring?"

Emma and Lisa nodded, understanding the struggle all too well.

"So, I'm in the changing room, and Mike's outside waiting. And suddenly, he...he just comes in."

Their eyes went wide, and Rachel couldn't help but gasp.

"In the changing room?" she exclaimed, her voice a mix of shock and admiration.

Jane nodded, her gaze on the flickering fire.

"Yeah, and before I know it, he's kissing me, his hands...everywhere. And the next thing I know, he's got me up against the wall, and..." she trailed off, her cheeks now a beacon of embarrassment.

"You go, girl!" Lilly shouted, clapping her hands together.

"That's so hot!" Rachel and Lisa echoed her sentiments, their eyes shining with excitement.

Jane blushed even deeper but couldn't help but laugh at their reactions.

"It was pretty sexy." she admitted, a shy but mischievous smile playing on her lips.

"But it was just the two of us, and we couldn't resist."

The group cheered, their applause a testament to their admiration for Jane's daring side.

Lynn took a sip from her bottle, her gaze lingering on Emma. She felt a twinge of envy, knowing that the others would be returning to their husbands soon, but she had to wait a whole week before she could be with her love again. The thought of not being able to touch Emma, to kiss her, to feel her skin against her own for seven long days was almost unbearable.

She cleared her throat, trying to shake the feeling off but to no avail.

"Damn, I have to admit I'm a bit jealous of you girls."

Lynn's voice was filled with humor, though it was not wrong, she really felt it.

Everyone, including Emma, looked at her with a questioning look.

"You all get to go back to your handsome husbands soon, but I've got to wait a whole week before I can see my love." She explained to them, her gaze lingering on Emma for a moment too long.

Emma felt a warmth spread through her as Lynn looked at her while talking about her love.

She had not expected this weekend to end with such a revelation, but she was thrilled at the prospect of seeing Lynn again so soon.

"You mean..." she began, her voice trailing off as she searched Lynn's eyes.

"Yeah." Lynn said with a grin.

"I was planning on coming over to your place next weekend. If that's okay with you?"

Her question was loaded with hope and anticipation.

Emma's heart skipped a beat, and she couldn't stop the wide smile that spread across her face. "More than okay!" she said, her voice a whisper of excitement.

The thought of Lynn in her home, in her bed, was almost too much to handle right now.

"Hell, I thought about how we could see us again faster, and now you beat me to it."

Emma laughed before she leaned in for another kiss with Lynn.

Lilly watched with the others and tons of quips rushed through her mind, but she kept them all at bay. She knew that this moment was special for her friends, and she didn’t want to tarnish it with her usual sass. For once, she didn’t need to be the center of attention. This was about Emma and Lynn, and she could see the spark between them growing stronger with every shared glance, every touch, every whispered word.

After their kiss ended the conversation moved on, still with a bit more spice mixed in.

Rachel was telling them about her first time with Tom, which was quite the hilarious tale.

But a few minutes later, Lilly couldn't ignore the pressure building in her bladder anymore.

She looked around, noticing that the other campers had all moved away, drawn to the distant music and lights of the festival. The area was as private as it could get.

"Finally alone, i really need to take a piss!"

Lilly announced after Rachel had finished her story, her voice cutting through the comments.

The suddenness of her statement made everyone else look around, noticing indeed that the campground was now eerily deserted, the only noise being the crackling fire and the distant thump of music.

"You could have gone to the toilets Lilly." Lisa smiled.

Lilly grinned back.

"We already hiked today, and I don't feel like traipsing all the way to the bathroom and back again."

She stood, stretching a bit and walking a few steps away from the fire.

The air was cooling slowly but it was still pleasantly warm.

With a quick look around, she pulled her shorts and panties up to her mid-thigh and took her favorite high-squat position. Rachel, Emma, Lisa, and Jane watched, a mix of amusement and admiration on their faces.

"Lilly, why do you always take that pose?" Lynn asked, her curiosity piqued.

"Isn't it more strenuous?"

With a wink, Lilly began to explain her reasoning.

"Well yes, but it's not just for show."

She said as a stream of urine began to flow from her body, painting the ground beneath her in a warm, golden arc.

"It's actually quite practical. You see, with a low squat, you're stuck down there for ages trying to pull your pants up without making a mess and before you get caught. But with this high squat."

She demonstrated by standing up but without interrupting her flow.

"I can be up and dressed in no time if someone comes by."

Everyone around the fire gasped, what a display. Lilly's urine rushed against her shorts and panties, soaking the fabric as she stood tall and proud and sending droplets anywhere from the power of her stream. Her eyes sparkled with a rebellious joy as she continued to relieve herself without a care in the world. The sound of her pee hitting her panties was almost rhythmic, a strange melody of hissing and splashing, almost comedically escorted by the distant music.

Rachel and Lisa stared, their jaws slightly agape, while Emma and Jane couldn't help but laugh at the sheer audacity of it all. Jane was mesmerized and her eyes were widened.

Lilly looked down on herself shrugging.

"Well, normally i stop before standing up, but i guess Rachel and Lisa had me hooked."

With that she started to laugh and the others joined her.

Lisa let a whistle out, her eyes glinting with a mix of amazement and admiration for Lilly's carefree attitude.

"Well, Lilly, you weren't kidding when you said it's going to be a show!" she exclaimed, shaking her head in disbelief while she chuckled.

As Lilly's stream tapered off, she nonchalantly pulled her shorts up, the wet fabric clinging to her skin.

"I must say, I kind of understand you two." she looked to Rachel and Lisa.

"It's surprisingly nice and warm, isn't it?" she said with a wink, the glow of the firelight illuminating her mischievous grin.

They all laughed again, it was an absurd situation, but their bond was strong enough to find humor in it. It was as if the universe itself was egging them on, encouraging their newfound openness.

But their laughter was cut short by a sudden gasp from Jane, who was wiping a drop of liquid from her forehead.

At first, they mocked it as a stray spurt from Lilly's peeing show.

"Hey, watch it, Lilly!" Jane said playfully, her voice tinged with a hint of feigned annoyance.

But Lilly just shrugged, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "It's not me!"

They all turned to look up at the sky, which had gone from a serene, slowly fading sunlight to an angry, inky blackness. Raindrops fell lightly at first, a gentle reminder that nature had its own timetable. But within moments, the drops grew larger and more insistent, plummeting down with an ever-increasing tempo. Rachel's eyes widened as she realized the situation.

"Looks like the party's moving inside!" she exclaimed, jumping to her feet.

In a flash, the women were in motion, their laughter turning into giggles of excitement as they dashed around the campfire, snatching up their drinks, plates, and any other essentials they hadn't yet stowed away. Rachel grabbed the bag of marshmallows, tossing it to Jane as they all raced towards the tent after they extinguished the fire. The rain grew heavier with every step, the droplets bouncing off their skin and mixing with their laughter as they rushed to beat the downpour.

They shuffled into the tent, their damp clothes sticking to their bodies. Rachel took a moment to appreciate the sight of her friends, their skin glistening with rain, their eyes alight with the thrill of the sudden change in plans.

Lisa looked around the tent, the rain pattering on the fabric a comforting lullaby.

"Well, I guess it's a good thing we have this big tent, not that I would mind cuddling together with all of you." she said, smiling.

"Thanks to your husband's love for the finer things in life, even in the great outdoors."

Rachel teased, setting down the bag of marshmallows.

They all chuckled as they rearranged themselves into a cozy circle, the air inside thick with the scent of their damp clothes and the promise of more stories to come.

Emma pulled out a pack of playing cards from her backpack, her heart racing as she thought about the night ahead.

"Who's up for some fun?" she asked, shuffling the cards with a mischievous twinkle in her eye. Rachel handed around their drinks as they settled into their makeshift seating around the tent's center, the rain outside a stark contrast to the warmth and laughter inside.

As they began to play a round of poker, they couldn't help but chuckle at the thought of the festival-goers getting soaked.

"Serves them right for not joining us." Lilly said with a wink.

Rachel nodded in agreement. The light from the lantern flickered across their faces, casting an intimate glow as they leaned in closer, their eyes glinting with excitement and shared secrets.

The rain grew heavier, the sound of it a symphony of nature's percussion against the tent's fabric.

"You all know, that weekend was the best idea ever. Thank you Lisa for organizing it. I missed you girls so much." Rachel said as she dealt the cards around the circle.

"It's like we've never been apart." Emma added, taking a sip of her drink, her eyes sparkling with happiness. The warmth of their bodies and the sound of the rain created a cocoon of comfort, allowing them to let their guards down and truly revel in their friendship.

Jane picked up a marshmallow and examined it, a little sad that they wouldn't be roasting them over the fire.

"Too bad we can't roast these." she said with a pout.

Rachel grinned. "Well, we can still eat them raw, not as tasty but still very nice."

All of them nodded in agreement, popping the marshmallows into their mouths as they picked up their cards. The sugary sweetness of the marshmallows melted on their tongues, a delightful contrast to the crunch of the graham crackers and the smoothness of the chocolate that Rachel had also brought along. Their conversation flowed as freely as the river they bested today, each one sharing tales of their lives since the last time they were all together. The sound of the rain grew softer as they became more engrossed in their poker game, the slapping of the cards and the clinking of their bottles the only noise within the tent.

It was then that Lisa felt a familiar sensation, a reminder of her bladder's rebellion after her second child. She stiffened slightly, trying to hold it in, her cheeks flushing with the effort.

Rachel noticed her discomfort and raised an eyebrow.

"Lisa, you okay?"

"Shit! Not really." Lisa murmured under her breath as a dribble of pee escaped her.

She looked down with a look of resignation and mischief.

Lynn couldn't help but laugh.

"Looks like someone's bladder didn't get the memo about the tent's no-pee policy!"

The tension broke as Lisa looked up, her eyes sparkling with amusement despite the wetness spreading through her pants.

"Well, I guess I'll have to wash this tent really thorough after all." she said, giving in to the inevitable.

The sound of her pee hitting the tent floor joined the symphony of the rain outside, a gentle patter that grew louder as she released the floodgates. The smell of warm urine filled the air briefly, but it was soon overtaken by the sweet scent of the chocolate and marshmallows.

As Lisa's stream grew stronger, the fabric of her pants grew heavier, clinging to her skin and leaving a dark, wet spot that slowly crawled over her skin. The sight was almost artistic, as it slowly spreaded and painted her short's.

The puddle grew under Lisa, but she didn't care.

"Oh well, whatever. It's not the first time you all saw me pee my pants." She laughed.

Lilly looked down at her own still rather soaked shorts, her grin never fading.

"And it probably won't be the last time either." she quipped, pointing at the wetness in her own shorts.

"At least you are in good company!"

Giggles echoed through the tent.

"Also, i didn't get drenched in the rain!" Lisa laughed, looking down at her sodden pants with a sense of achievement.

Her joke brought forth another wave of roaring laughter.

Lynn looked around, the loose atmosphere about peeing or even wetting themselves in front of each other had reached a new peak.

"So, is this our new group activity?" She asked, her voice filled with amusement rather than disgust. She knew she had a secret of her own, a kink that made her heart race at the sight of their little accidents, on purpose or otherwise, but she kept it to herself, not wanting to make anyone feel uncomfortable.

Emma caught Lynn's gaze and couldn't help but smirk, knowing her secret from their pee in the wood's. She raised an eyebrow at Lynn, the silent exchange speaking volumes.

The shared understanding was a secret thrill between them, a private joke that only added to the warmth in their friendship and the power of their love.

While she gazed at Lynn Emma's mind began to wander to the upcoming night, knowing that with all this peeing going on around them, Lynn would be more tense than ever, a delicious kind of tension that thrummed with erotic potential. She couldn't wait to feel Lynn's body against hers again, the warmth of her skin, the taste of her mouth. But as she looked around at her friends, she knew they had to be careful. Their love was no secret to any of them, but they also had to respect their friendship and not make anyone uncomfortable with carnal desires.

Emma took a deep breath, pushing the thought away for later.

For now, she was going to focus on the game and the company and just in time to catch Lisa's answer to Lynn.

"Well, i don't know about that but I'd say that nobody would bat an eye. Half of us have wet on purpose anyway. Also since the tent is wet anyway..." Lisa's voice trailed off as she shrugged her shoulders in a gesture of carefree nonchalance, the corners of her mouth turned upwards in a knowing smile. Her puddle slowly seeped through the tent floor.

Lisa didn't seem to care, as if the wetness in her pants was a mere afterthought, a small price to pay for the comfort of not having to run to the bathroom in the rain.

Rachel and Lilly exchanged glances, the corners of their eyes crinkling with amusement, while Emma watched with a knowing smirk.

Jane, however, felt a sudden tightness in her own bladder, a pressure that had been building since they'd all settled into the tent. She changed her position, brought her heel under her crotch to help managing the need. Her gaze wandered to Lisa, sitting in her waning puddle, then to Lilly who so daringly peed her pants earlier and of course Rachel who told them all what she did in the raft.

It had a strange allure, a certain call of the forbidden. She felt the pressure in her bladder, the warmth of it, the need to let go. But she knew herself, she was shy and had a hard time even without her toilet training telling her she was wrong.

The thought of peeing in her pants here, now, in front of her best friends, made her cheeks burn.

But it was more than embarrassment, it was a thrill that tickled her stomach. Jane took her bottle of water and took another swig, her eyes never leaving the poker game. She could feel the cool liquid sliding down her throat and into her stomach, the sensation heightening her bladder's protest.

It was as if she had a little devil on her shoulder taunting her 'pee, pee, pee' with every beat of her pulse. She knew it was only a matter of time before she would have to admit defeat.

The sound of the rain had turned into a comforting white noise again, a reminder of the cozy bubble they had created for themselves. The sight of Lisa, casually sitting in her own pee, had a strange effect on Jane. It was a blend of admiration and curiosity. If only she had the courage to be so unabashedly herself, to not care about what others thought. But she was different, her bladder shyness made it hard to even pee in a public toilet. Right now she hoped that drinking more would make her bladder give in easier.

Lisa caught the fidget in Jane's body, the slight squirm in her posture, and leaned in closer, whispering.

"You okay, Jane?"

The others looked up from their cards, sensing something was amiss.

Jane felt her face flush even more, but she knew she couldn't lie to these women, they could see right through her, and that was something she loved. She took a deep breath and nodded.

"I... I have to go to the bathroom." she murmured.

"I knew it, I'm getting good at noticing your pee-face. It's okay, you know you can just do it here." Lisa said, her eyes twinkling with understanding and mirth.

The others had their eyes glued on Jane now.

Jane's cheeks turned a deeper shade of red.

"Well, I mean, I sort of do want to try it." she confessed, her voice barely loud enough to pass over the rain.

"But I just can't seem to... you know, let go." She bit her lip, looking down at the floor.

There build a certain tension in the tent. Anticipation, understanding but also support mixed in a tasty cocktail. Rachel set her cards down, the poker game momentarily forgotten.

"Jane, if you want to, you totally can." she assured her.

"You know how to relax and if it's something you're curious about...go for it."

Jane took a deep breath, feeling the pressure in her bladder more intensely than ever.

She closed her eyes and focused on letting go, her body tense with anticipation. But as she willed herself to pee, her bladder remained stubbornly shy. She let out a sigh of frustration.

"It's okay." Emma said, looking at her.

"You don't have to do anything you're not comfortable with. We can just escort you to..."

"But I am comfortable with it! I want to do it!" Jane protested, her eyes still squeezed shut.

"I just... I can't seem to make it happen."

The tent was filled with a strange aura, on one hand it was comically absurd that Jane wanted to wet herself so insistent. On the other hand the exuberant mood that made it seem like a funny game they all played. Rachel and Lisa watched Jane with a mix of empathy and excitement, while Emma's gaze was a gentle reassurance. Lynn took a sip from her bottle, watching the scene unfold.

It was Lilly who decided to take the situation into her own hands, quite literally.

With a sly grin, she pounced on Jane, her nimble fingers finding the soft spots on Jane's side, setting her off into a fit of giggles and laughter.

"You want to pee your pants, I'll help you!" she exclaimed, her voice a delightful mix of mischief and friendship.

The others watched, their laughter building as they realized Lilly wasn't joking.

All other's leaned in, their eyes shining with excitement.

Rachel cheered to Lilly. "Go for it!"

They watched as Lilly relentlessly tickled Jane, her laughter turning into gasps as she squirmed and wriggled, trying to get away, but not with much force.

Rachel and Lisa watched with glee, being the closest to Lilly and Jane but they kept their hands to themselves.

Jane's eyes grew wide with shock and amusement, her body convulsing as she tried to fight off the tickling onslaught.

"Stop!" she squealed, but her protests were weak and filled with joy.

The warmth and safety of their friendship allowed her to let go of her inhibitions, enjoy the feeling of helplessness.

Suddenly, as Lilly's tickling reached a peak, a soft hiss pierced the sound of laughter.

Jane's cheeks grew even redder as she felt the warmth spreading through her pants.

The dam had broken, and the pent-up urine began to escape, creating a new puddle underneath her. Amusement filled the group as they leaned in closer, their eyes wide with excitement, as they watched the wetness spread over Jane's crotch and a little bit down the legs of her shorts before gravity changed the course.

The sight of it was a strange mix of naughty and liberating. Jane's pee smell began to mingle with the sweet aroma of their snacks, creating a scent that was uniquely theirs.

Her laughter grew more relaxed, turning into a contented giggle as she gave in to the sensation of peeing in her pants.

Lilly remained straddled over her, her grin wide, watching the puddle grow. There was even some sort of pride in her gaze.

Jane's bladder released all of its content, the tension of holding draining away with every spurt of urine. She felt a strange sense of accomplishment, as if she had passed some unspoken rite of friendship.

Lilly, still on top of Jane, couldn't help but grin down at her friend.

"Glad I could be of service." she teased, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

Jane's laughter had turned breathless, her chest heaving as she finally allowed the last drops of her pee to leave her body. The wetness spread through her shorts and onto the tent floor, but she didn't care. The warmth of her pee, the stickiness of it on her skin, was a strange comfort in this moment of shared intimacy.

"Thanks." Jane gasped out, her cheeks a rosy shade of pink but her voice so filled with glee.

"I've never felt so... free."

The group looked on, their smiles a mix of amazement and affection. But suddenly Emma's face got a bit darker or better melancholic.

"I missed that so much, well, not necessarily the peeing in your pants part but just being with all of you."

She took a deep breath and looked around the tent, her gaze lingering on each of her friends.

"We all have our lives, I know, but we should have done this sooner."

Lisa nodded, her own face reflecting a hint of sadness.

"You're right, Em. We've missed so much of each other's lives."

Rachel chimed in. "But we're here now, and that's what matters."

Jane also nodded, gently pushing Lilly from her as she sat up.

"Yeah, yeah, enough of the sob story!" Lilly said, breaking the brief moment of melancholy with her characteristic sass.

"That just takes time away from our fun! So, anyone else bladder-shy? Who needs a little nudge?" She wiggled her eyebrows, her eyes darting around the group, her hands poised to attack and her lips widened in a almost sadistic smile.

"You perhaps Lynn?" Lilly grinned and raised her hands.

Lynn's eyes widened in mock horror as Lilly's mischievous gaze settled on her. With a playful yelp, she leaped into Emma's welcoming lap, her arms wrapped tightly around her love's neck as if for dear life.

"Don't let her get me, Babe!" she giggled, burying her face into the crook of Emma's neck.

'Babe' that word sounded so sweet and intimate coming from Lynn's mouth. It was like a warm embrace, wrapping around Emma's heart, and she couldn't help but smile at the playfulness of it all. She looked at Lilly, her glare playful and filled with love, her fingers wiggling in a silent 'bring it on' taunt.

“Don't worry, I got you!”

The moment of nostalgic sadness had passed, and the tent was once again filled with the vibrant energy of a bunch of friends letting loose.

They had the best of both worlds, the carefree abandon of their youth and the wisdom of their years. Six grownup women, each of them with their own life and yet here they sat on the floor of a tent as if time never had advanced beyond those sweet, awkward childhood moments.

Lilly took in the sight of Lynn in Emma's arms, her face a picture of pure bliss. It was a silent declaration that even a tornado couldn't rip them apart. She knew when she was outmatched and with a dramatic sigh she flopped back down next to Rachel.

"Okay, okay, you win!" she said, raising her hands in surrender.

"For now." she added, her eyes gleaming with mischief.

"Love prevails!" Emma and Lynn exclaimed in unison, their laughter mingling with the sound of the rain outside.

Rachel and Lisa shared a knowing smile, while Jane's expression was a mix of playfulness and affection.

Lynn remained nestled in Emma's embrace, the warmth of her lover's arms around her providing a comfort that was both soothing and exciting. She felt Emma's chin resting on her shoulder, and the gentle pressure was like a whisper of love against her skin. But it was just a short moment.

Emma leaned in closer, her breath a warm caress against Lynn's neck as she began to kiss her softly. The kisses grew in intensity, a silent declaration of their passion. Lynn felt a shiver run down her spine, her body responding to the tender touches. The sensation was almost overwhelming, the feel of Emma's lips against her skin sending waves of desire coursing through her.

With their new seating situation, the game of poker continued, albeit with a new twist. Lynn and Emma had become a single player, their hands entwined and their legs touching. Each time they had to decide on a move, they'd lean in, their faces so close that their breaths mingled, whispering strategies to each other. Lilly, ever the mischief-maker, couldn't resist poking fun at their infatuation.

"Oh, for crying out loud, you two!" she exclaimed, her eyes gleaming with playful annoyance. "This isn't a romance novel!"

It did not stop the two of them, quite the opposite, just to taunt Lilly they openly let their tongues play with each other.

Rachel and Lisa giggled, while Jane blushed, happy that the two found so much joy in each other.

"Well, if you're going to act like you're in a honeymoon suite, at least keep it PG!"

Lilly teased, rolling her eyes at them but with a wide smile on her face.

Rachel and Lisa couldn't hold back their laughter any longer. Jane's eyes grew wide as she took in the scene, her cheeks flushing a deeper shade of pink.

Emma and Lynn just grinned at Lilly's scolding, sticking their tongues out in unison, this time to mock her. It was clear that the banter was all in good fun, and it only served to deepen the bond between the friends.

But the playfulness took a sudden turn when Lynn leaned back into Emma's arms, her body relaxing into the embrace.

"I actually have to pee, Babe." she murmured, her voice a bit shaky but playful.

"But I'm really comfortable here."

Emma's eyes widened, understanding dawning on her.

"You mean..." she began, her voice trailing off.

Lynn nodded, her cheeks flushing slightly.

"Yeah, I mean... Can I?" She looked up at Emma with hopeful eyes, as if asking for a precious gift.

The air in the tent seemed to still as Emma processed the question.

Then, she leaned in and whispered.

"If you really want to."

Her lover's permission was all Lynn needed. She let out a deep breath and closed her eyes, her body going slack. The sound of her bladder releasing was soft but distinct, a gentle whisper that grew into a steady stream. Warmth seeped through her pants, soaking the fabric and pooling in Emma's lap shortly before soaking her short's too. Emma's breath hitched as she felt the wetness spread.

Her body was frozen in shock and arousal, her heart racing with the intimacy of the moment.

The sound of Lynn's pee mixing with her sensual breathing was intoxicating.

With surprise Emma felt Lynn's pee soak through the fabric of her own shorts and panties, the warmth spreading out in a gentle, wet embrace. It was a sensation she had never experienced before, and to her astonishment, she found it oddly comforting, a physical manifestation of the emotional closeness she felt with Lynn. Her eyes went wide, and she couldn't help the gasp that escaped her lips as the realization hit her, she was actually enjoying this.

As Lynn's stream grew stronger, Emma's own bladder responded. She felt the sudden urge to join her, to add her own contribution to this shared moment. Before she could think twice, she relaxed her muscles and let go. The sensation of her pee joining Lynn's in her lap was indescribable, a strange blend of warmth and wetness that resonated with something in her.

Their other four friends watched in a mix of shock and fascination.

Jane's eyes grew wide and she blushed again, while Lilly's grin widened into a full-on smirk.

"Holy fuck!" she said, her eyes wide as plates.

"Lynn, did you really just piss in your girlfriend's lap?"

Lynn, her cheeks flushed with pleasure, looked up at Lilly with a mischievous grin.

She nodded, her eyes sparkling.

"I still do mind you." she said proudly, not bothering to hide the excitement in her voice.

The tent was silent for a moment, the only sound the soft patter of their pee on the floor.

Then, Emma found her voice, somehow feeling she needs to back up her girlfriend.

"And I didn't stop her!" she said, a smile playing on her lips.

"In fact, I joined her."

The group was dazzled, their expressions a mix of astonishment and understanding.

For a moment they were all too surprised at the brazen display of the couple.

Sure they all wet themselves this weekend, and all liked it more than they were willing to admit loudly but this was a whole new level.

"You know, I think you're enjoying that a bit too much."

Lilly said but the smile and wink she gave them told a different story.

Her words hung in the air, a challenge wrapped in teasing banter. Lisa and Jane stifled their laughter, while Rachel playfully rolled her eyes at Lilly's unfiltered observation.

They all knew that they couldn't judge them without being outed as a great, big hypocrite.

"Maybe a teeny tiny bit?" Lynn replied with a sly smile, glancing down at the growing puddle between her and Emma. She couldn't deny the thrill of it, the way the warmth seeped into her skin, a deliciously naughty feeling that she hadn't felt in so long.

"Also, you all are just the same or not?" Emma quipped, her voice filled with mirth as she glanced around the tent.

Rachel and Lisa couldn't help but snicker, remembering their own moments of letting go and how they enjoyed it.

Jane's blush deepened as she recalled her tickle fight mishap, well....planned mishap.

"I have the excuse of my weak bladder! It's medical."

Lisa smiled cheekily, her eyes glinting with amusement.

"One way or another, we've all found something new about ourselves out here."

Rachel mused, breaking the silence with her commanding yet warm tone.

She leaned back on her elbows, surveying the puddles and the relaxed expressions of her friends with a knowing smile.

"And it's not like we're kids anymore, no one can tell us what to do. If we want to pee our pants and laugh about it, then damn it, we can!"

The absurdity of their situation seemed to hit them all at once, and laughter erupted within the tent like a cork from a champagne bottle. They had all discovered something about themselves this weekend, a freedom, a comfort, a thrill, a lost connection and Rachel's words perfectly encapsulated that.

Jane giggled.

"It's true!" she said, her voice light.

"Who knew we could still surprise ourselves like this?"

Lisa nodded in agreement, her gaze softening as she looked at each of her friends.

"And it's not just about the peeing, it's about being us again, no matter what that entails."

The group's laughter subsided into a contented murmur, the sound of friends who had just shared something profound and ridiculous all at once. They were adults, with jobs, families, responsibilities, and yet here they were, in the middle of a campground, embracing a peculiar shared joy without judgment. It was strange, it was liberating, and it was absolutely wonderful.

Lilly spoke up, her voice still filled with mirth.

"I'll drink to that!" she said, reaching for her water-bottle.

"Already refilling I see, hm?"

Lynn said with a knowing smile as she looked over at Lilly, who was lounging comfortably next to Rachel. The implication was clear, and Lilly couldn't help but laugh, her eyes sparkling with amusement.

Lilly's grin grew even wider as she winked back at Lynn.

"What? You jealous, Lynn?" she teased, her voice dripping with mischief.

"Maybe just a little, but it wont take long till I can go again." Lynn replied, her voice low and filled with a teasing undertone.

The poker game resumed, but the conversation had taken a decidedly more intimate turn. They discussed the sensations, the rush, and the sheer absurdity of their newfound fondness for wetting themselves and how to go on from there, their words flowing as freely as the pee just moments ago.

Lisa, the most experienced, shrugged and spoke up.

"Honestly, I've been doing this since Luke was born." she said, referring to her bladder issues post-pregnancy.

"Gary and I have had more than a few quickies with me in wet pants. It's just the rush of the moment and boy what a rush it can be!"

She put an emphasis on her last word which made the group giggle and grin with naughtiness.

Even Jane, the shyest of them all, couldn't resist the seductive allure of their newfound freedom. She looked around at her friends, her cheeks still a rosy hue from their earlier revelations.

"I-I've been thinking." she began, her voice barely above a whisper.

"I might... I mean, I would love to try to get Mike involved into it."

Their expressions shifted from surprise to intrigue as they considered the implications of bringing their spouses into this secret world of shared wetness.

Rachel leaned in, her eyes glinting.

"How do you plan to do that?"

Jane's blush deepened, but she met Rachel's gaze.

"I'll start by peeing with my legs open in front of him." she said, her voice gaining confidence.

"I can do that. At least at home I mean. And maybe... maybe I'll see if he's interested."

The tent was filled with a pregnant silence, the rain outside a gentle backdrop to their conversation. They all knew that for Jane, this was a huge step. Rachel nodded slowly, understanding the bravery it took for her friend to voice her desires.

"And what if he's not?" she asked gently.

Jane swallowed, her eyes darting to the floor.

"Then, I'll just keep it as our little secret." she murmured.

"But I think he might like it. He...is much more...adventurous than I am."

The other women shared knowing glances, each one of them imagining their own partners' reactions. They were all married, all happy, but they hadn't missed the way something changed between them since they'd arrived at the campground. It was as if a door had been opened that none of them had realized was there.

"Let's make a pact!" Rachel said, her voice firm.

"We'll all at least give it a shot with our husbands. If it doesn't work out, we won't push it. But if it does...." she leaned in, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

"We'll have even more fun in our relationships and more to talk."

They all agreed, their nods a silent affirmation of their newfound adventurous spirit. It was a thrilling thought, bringing this intimate part of themselves to their marriages. They knew they'd have to be careful, but they were eager to try and hopefully explore more of this.

Lilly leaned back against Rachel's side, a wicked smile playing on her lips.

"And if it doesn't work out with the hubbies." she began.

"We can always have our own little peeing parties."

Rachel chuckled, ruffling Lilly's hair.

"You're always thinking one step ahead, aren't you?" She said, her voice filled with affection.

Jane's eyes widened at the thought.

"That could be fun!" she admitted, the excitement clear in her voice.

Lisa looked around, smiling.

"Then its settled. Leaves one question, are we playing more poker?" She grinned.

But before Rachel could even shuffle the cards again, Lilly stood up.

"Wait, gotta take a piss first."

The others look at her questioningly.

"Why are you going up for it? Suddenly cold feet?" Rachel joked.

"Nah, I got something else in mind." Lilly replied with a wink and a grin.

With a confident stride she walked over to the tent corner.

"Hey Lisa, mind if I get a little wild?" she asked with a mischievous smile, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

Lisa looked up from her poker hand, curiosity piqued.

"Wilder than peeing in your pants?" she replied with a smirk and shrugged her shoulders.

"Well, its a bit late for second guessing anyway, I have to deep clean the tent no matter what."

With that, Lilly turned around and faced the wall, her eyes glinting with excitement.

She took a moment to line up, her hand hovering over her shorts like you see in a western movie when the hero duels the villain.

Then, with a grin, she tugged her shorts and panties down to her ankles, leaving them there.

Rachel couldn't help but stifle a laugh, while Lynn leaned closer to Emma, their eyes sparkling with anticipation. Jane and Lisa also looked curious what Lilly was planning.

"Ready?" Lilly called out, her voice filled with glee.

"Here goes nothing!"

With that, she began to pee.

At first, it was a tentative dribble, the warm liquid landing half in her pants and half on the floor. But as she pushed, her stream grew stronger, a gentle arc of golden liquid that sprayed against the tent wall. Rachel and Jane watched with fascination, while Lynn couldn't help but cheer her on.

"Go for it, Lilly!"

And she did go for it. Lilly swayed her hips, the warm stream of her pee arcing out and soaking the tent wall. It was as if she was painting a picture with her bodily fluid, a masterpiece of unabashed freedom and joy. The fabric of the tent grew darker, the scent of urine mingling with the smoky aroma from the campfire outside.

"I always wanted to try this! Men have it so easy but look!"

Lilly exclaimed, her hips moving rhythmically, spreading a larger and larger patch on the tent wall. Her pee sprayed out, a warm, golden arc that grew messier as she put her everything in it.

It was a display of raw and untamed wildness, giving in to the sensation of peeing of the wall fully.

"Hey! I have to clean all that! Leave some dry will ya?"

Lisa called out playfully, her voice a mix of mock scolding and genuine amusement.

Despite her words, the twinkle in her eyes gave away her true feelings, she was enjoying the spectacle as much as the rest of them.

Lilly giggled, her eyes shining with delight as she continued her peeing performance. She wiggled her hips from side to side, the arc of her urine shifting and growing in size, leaving a large, wet area on the tent wall.

Her stream grew thinner as she reached the end, her bladder now fully emptied, dribbling once again in her waiting panties and running down her legs.

"Alright, alright, I'm done!" she exclaimed, bending down to pull her shorts and panties back up.

But before she pulled her clothes back in place she decided to give them a show.

Wiggling her butt in a playful manner she spread her legs a bit wider, letting her pussy peek out for a second before she tugged her shorts and panties back up. It was a cheeky little show, one that had the group erupt into a fresh round of laughter.

Lilly returned to her place, picking up her cards with a playful grin. Rachel eyed her with a smirk, the light from the lantern illuminating her features.

"You're really have a bit too much fun with this hm?" Rachel said, her voice filled with humor.

"Pot, Kettle, Black." Lilly grinned, before she stopped.

"Wait, didn't I say this before today?"

Lisa nodded.

"Yep, I think I heard that as you peed in the shower." She giggled.

"Well, it still fit's." Lilly took a look into her cards as the game moved on.

"Rachel, don't you have to go?" Jane asked, her voice a little taunting.

Rachel looked at her, a knowing smile playing on her lips.

"Well, I do actually." Rachel admitted.

"But you know, with my job at the bakery, I've learned to hold it for hours. Sometimes there just isn't a good moment to go. But today." She paused, her eyes twinkling.

"Today I feel like pushing it a bit more than usual."

They all watched her, the firelight casting shadows on their faces, as Rachel took a deep breath. "Remember when we were on that river and I had to pee so badly?" she began, her voice filled with mirth.

"It was almost an accident, but thanks to Lilly, it was... intentional."

The memory of Rachel letting go into the raft and river was still fresh in their minds.

Now Rachel was eager to explore her limits further. She took a sip of her drink, her eyes never leaving her cards.

"I want to see just how much I can hold." she said, determination in her gaze.

"It's a weird game, isn't it?" She sheepishly added.

They all nodded, their giggles bouncing off the tent walls like a symphony of shared memories.

It was a staple of their friendship, these odd little challenges they'd concoct when they were younger, a way to push the boundaries of their comfort zones and build a bond that could withstand anything. And now, as grown women with their own families and careers, they were rediscovering that joy in the most unexpected and wettest of ways.

"Weird is our thing I would say, something we missed far to long."

Emma chuckled, her eyes glancing from Rachel to the others, the warmth of their shared experiences binding them closer together than ever.

"I have an idea."

Jane's voice pierced the lighthearted banter, her eyes shining with determination.

"We can't let this happen again." she said, gesturing around.

"We're in the age of the internet. We can't go another ten years without seeing each other. The odd phone-call doesn't cut it."

The others looked at her, intrigued. Rachel leaned forward, her curiosity piqued.

"What do you suggest?"

"We set up a weekly conference call."

Jane announced, her cheeks still flushed from her earlier confession.

"I know how to do it from work. It's not the same as being together, but it's the next best thing I think."

The group nodded in agreement, the gravity of her words weighing on them. They had all missed each other terribly, and the thought of going back to their separate lives without a way to maintain their bond this time was unbearable.

Lisa spoke up.

"But what if the kids are around?"

"That's even better, we don't have to make it spicy if it does not fit. But we could be a real part of each other's life again. Like we used to be." Rachel suggested.

They all nodded even more eagerly. It was a simple yet brilliant idea. Jane's proposal of a weekly conference call was met with a unanimous "yes". It was a way to keep the friendship alive, a way that would ensure they remained connected despite the miles and the years that had passed.

They threw out suggestions, considering everyone's work and family schedules. It was like a puzzle, fitting the pieces together to create a perfect picture of their future as a tight-knit group of friends. After some discussion, they settled on a Sunday evening, a time when the kids were usually in bed and the husbands were either busy with their own hobbies or understanding enough to give them some space, though they would still be welcomed if they wanted.

"And we'll keep it casual." Emma added, her voice warm with enthusiasm.

"A snack, maybe a drink, just... us, catching up."

Lynn leaned back against the tent wall, her eyes drifting to Emma.

"Maybe we can even share some... personal moments." she said, her voice conspiratorial , her eyes dancing with mischief.

The group shared knowing smiles, they all knew exactly what she meant. But they all agreed that the conference calls would be about connection first, everything else an afterthought and dependent on the situation at hand.

"If any of you need help with the PC's or setting up the video calls, I'd be more than happy to stop by." Jane offered, her voice filled with sincerity.

"I'm sure I can make the time."

Lilly's eyes lit up.

"And I can get you the hardware needed, if you don't have it already."

She said, her voice eager to contribute.

"That would finally be an expense worth spending."

Lynn leaned in, her hand casually brushing against Emma's thigh, her voice a low purr.

"I think I've got it covered, Jane." she said, her gaze lingering on Emma.

"Emma and I will have it set up in no time. And our weekends are going to be together anyway." The double meaning was clear, and Rachel and Lisa couldn't help but exchange knowing glances.

Emma's cheeks flushed slightly, but she met Lynn's gaze, a silent confirmation of their plans.

"Yeah, we're good." she said with a soft smile.

"But thanks for the offer."

Lisa nodded.

"I could use some help." she admitted.

"Gary's not the best with that kind of stuff, and I've got my hands full with the kids."

Rachel grinned.

"Same here. I can handle a kitchen fire, but a Zoom call? That's a whole other beast."

The group's laughter filled the tent, the sound mixing with the gentle patter of rain outside.

Their friendship was still as strong as in the past, each of them covering the others weaknesses, no questions asked. They had come together to reconnect, and in doing so, they had even discovered a new dimension to their friendship, one that was raw, honest, filled with a surprising level of intimacy and deliciously naughty.

"Great!" Jane said, her voice filled with relief.

"We'll all help each other out, just like old times."

They continued their poker game, the conversation flowing from one topic to another, but always returning to their future video calls. From now on they would never be truly apart, a comforting thought that brought warmth to each of their hearts.

Rachel felt her bladder reporting to her more frequently as the game went on, a reminder of her earlier challenge to herself. She took a sip of her soda, savoring the sweetness while her friends chuckled and bantered around her. She decided to play it up, her voice filled with a mix of drama and amusement.

"Girls, I've got to tell you, I'm getting pretty desperate over here."

The group looked at her, their eyes filled with a mix of curiosity and mischief. Rachel leaned back, one hand on her stomach as she pretended to wince.

"I'm like, 80% full, and it's not getting any better."

Her friends giggled, Rachel's playfulness a delight to all of them.

But amidst the laughter and the shuffling of cards, Jane noticed something else. Every now and then, Lisa's crotch would glisten briefly, a telltale sign that she wasn't playing Rachel's game of holding it in. It was subtle, almost unnoticeable unless you knew what to look for, and it sent a little thrill through Jane's body. She knew Lisa had had issues with her bladder since her second child, but she had never seen her so... carefree about it. It was like watching a butterfly emerge from its cocoon, shedding any lingering self-consciousness and embracing a newfound freedom.

Lisa caught Jane's gaze and grinned back, a silent acknowledgment that she had noticed.

Jane smiled, she also loved the wet feeling in her pants, and released a spurt of her own, astonished how easy it was this time for her.

The night grew later, and the air inside the tent grew thicker with the scent of their bodies and the faint hint of urine. They had played poker for hours, their laughter and stories a comforting pillow to fall into.

Sadly, time waited for no one, and as the clock ticked past 1 AM, the friends' energy began to wane. Jane had stopped playing a while ago, her head resting comfortably on Lisa's thigh. Lisa stroked Jane's hair absentmindedly, her own eyes half-closed with sleepiness.

“Maybe we should call it a night, as much as I don't have any mood for it.” Emma said, Lynn still in her arms on her lap, but also slowly growing more tired.

“I hate it when you are right, Em.” Lilly grinned, her own energy not as strong as before.

"Well then! I did it! I held it till bedtime!"

Rachel exclaimed with a proud grin, her cheeks flushed from the effort.

"Debatable! I mean, I counted four spurts!"

Lilly teased, her eyes sparkling with amusement. Rachel's shorts clearly was darker in her crotch. Rachel rolled her eyes playfully.

“I always managed to stop after just one dribble! This totally counts! But now.”

She leaned back on her hands and simply let go. The hissing sound of her pee filling first her panties and then her short's was unmistakable.

Rachel's eyes widened with surprise as the warmth spread through the fabric, she did not count on so much force. It was a sensation she had resisted all night, but now, it was pure, unbridled relief.

“Oh....that's....close to an orgasm!” She moaned softly.

A warm, wet patch grew around her groin, spreading quick like wildfire.

Rachel's thighs shone with the sheen of wetness, her panties utterly drenched as her stream grew even more intense. It was a moment of pure bliss, a firework of feelings and a testament to the capacity of her bladder.

The sound of Rachel's laughter filled the tent as she gave into the sensation fully. Her pee spurted out, soaking her shorts and forming a rapidly growing puddle beneath her. She watched, fascinated, as the fabric grew darker, the scent of urine growing stronger with each passing second. It was liberating, a moment of total relief.

Her friends watched with a mix of amazement and amusement, their smiles wide and genuine.

They had all seen Rachel's determination to hold it in, the occasional dribble she couldn't contain. But now, as she released the dam and peed unabashedly in her pants, it was clear she had reached her breaking point. The fabric clung to her skin, the material sticking comfortably to her curves like a warm, albeit wet hug, as she continued to empty her bladder.

The hiss of Rachel's pee hitting the tent floor grew quieter, the stream becoming a trickle, and then finally stopping. Rachel's chest heaved with the final sigh of relief, her body visibly relaxing as she leaned more back on her hands, her legs splayed out in front of her. The puddle she sat in had grown to a small lake, a testament to her iron will and the vast amounts of liquid she had been holding back all night. Her face was flushed, a bead of sweat trickling down her forehead as she looked up at her friends, a playful smile on her lips.

"Well." she began, her voice a little hoarse from the exertion.

"I think I've officially won the 'Who Can Hold It the Longest' contest."

They all laughed, of course she won, she was the only participant but it was still impressive.

As Rachel sat there, her legs spread in the puddle, the others couldn't help but feel a sense of awe.

"Looks like Rachel is going for a swim." Lilly quipped, her voice light despite the late hour.

She stood and stretched, her body aching from the long day of adventure and the poker night.

"I think I'll take a leak too before we call it a night." she announced, her eyes twinkling with mischief. Jane, feeling the same urge, nodded.

"Me too." She pushed herself up from Lisa's leg and followed Lilly to the corner of the tent.

The two of them stood side by side, ready to do what they had to.

Lilly began to unbutton her pants, her movements fluid and without any hint of reluctance.

Jane took a deep breath and mirrored her, the zipper of her pants whispering down as her cheeks reddened up. Jane felt a bit exposed as she pushed her underwear aside, she knew they all saw her like this many times but she still felt a bit shy, and honestly she kinda liked the feeling, maybe that was the reason she never overcomes it.

With a small sigh, Lilly began to pee, the sound of her urine drumming on the tent floor because of her high squat, droplets splashing back on her calves. Jane took a moment, her body hesitant, then with a little sigh, she allowed herself to relax. It was strange, now it took her longer than before as she released a spurt in her panties, maybe it was because she also felt a drop or two from Lilly, but she took it with stride, after what Lynn did with Emma this was nothing.

Her pee stream started, a little more shyly than Lilly's, but it grew steadier as she felt the warm relief flow out of her. The sight of each other's puddles forming on the ground and still barely measure up to Rachel's was another reason for a group laughter.

As they finished, they shared a defeated smile, the unspoken challenge lost despite being together. They did not bother wiping, after that evening it seemed more than redundant.

"What about you three?" Lilly looked to Lisa, Lynn and Emma.

"I took care of that the whole evening." Lisa smiled.

"And we are good too." Emma and Lynn grinned.

"I see, someone wants to play a little more hm?"

Lilly smirked, having a good idea why the lover's didn't use the chance.

They all giggled, especially Lynn and Emma but no one judged.

After that they all undressed to change to their sleepwear. Lisa once again only wore panties while Jane dressed back in her pink pajamas. Rachel slipped into a flannel shirt she left open, making it easy to take a glimpse on her panties and breasts. Lilly wrapped herself in a male shirt, belonging to her husband and Emma and Lynn once again opted for t-shirts and panties.

"It's a shame that tomorrow the magic will end. Well, kind off."

Rachel mused as they all got into their sleeping bags.

"But I'm excited for our new plan!" Rachel's voice had a sparkle to it that suggested she was quite excited to open their new chapter together.

They all knew what she meant by 'magic'. The weekend had been a revelation, they found a new connection in each other. Not just the old one they had but a new one that, while a bit kinky, still had something more to it. It showed that they still had something special between them and this time they planned to claw into it and never let go again.

"It will be great! Sure no comparison to in-person but still better than missing you all."

Lisa said as she climbed into her sleeping bag. The tent grew quieter as they all settled into their respective sleeping bags. Jane felt a little bit of pride and accomplishment that she had this idea. She watched as Lynn and Emma slid into Lynn's sleeping bag, the material straining to accommodate them both. Despite the tight fit and the fact that they couldn't zip it up fully, they managed to snuggle together with the ease of long-time lovers, their faces glowing with contentment. A blanket helped to cover them fully. The friends couldn't help but tease them as they cuddled closer under the thin veil of darkness.

"Looks cozy in there." Rachel said, her voice filled with warmth.

"You two sure know how to make the most of your situation."

Lisa leaned back on her elbow, watching with a knowing smile.

"If you need any tips, just ask. I stacked my kids and their toy's in smaller spaces."

She said with a wink.

As Rachel reached over and dimmed the lantern, plunging the tent into mostly darkness and made the atmosphere more intimate. The sudden absence of bright light was almost tangible, wrapping them in a cozy embrace that seemed to shrink the space between them. Outside the sound of the rain grew softer, a gentle lullaby that sang them into a sense of peace. The tent was filled with the odor of their bodies and the faint smell of urine. It was an intoxicating blend, a reminder of the day's adventures and the evening's revelations. And none of them felt disturbed by it, it rather heightened the intimacy between them.

Jane felt a strange comfort in the shared space, the knowledge that they were all there for each other, no matter what. She glanced over at Rachel, whose chest rose and fell in a steady rhythm. Rachel's arm was flung above her head, her hand just brushing the tent's fabric.

The quiet was filled with the sound of their breathing and the soft rustle of the sleeping bags.

Emma and Lynn had nestled themselves in their makeshift lovenest, the outline of their bodies pressed against each other, a silent promise of what was to come when the others had drifted off to sleep. The teasing of their friends had only added to the excitement, the anticipation of their private moments together. Lilly lay on her back, her hands folded behind her head, staring up at the tent ceiling. They all wished each other a good night before silence gradually filled the tent.

The occasional soft snores began to emerge, painting a serene picture of their slumber.

However, Lynn and Emma, snuggled together in their shared sleeping bag, weren't quite ready to succumb to sleep. Their whispers were faint, a secret shared only between the two of them.

"Does Tina know that you are gay?"

Lynn whispered, her voice barely audible above the gentle patter of rain on the tent.

Emma shifted closer to her, the warmth of their bodies melding together as they lay in the darkness. "Yes, she does." she replied softly.

"My whole family does, it was kinda a necessity. You know, my brother is basically like a dad to her, if she need's a male voice she goes to him."

Her voice was low, but filled with a hint of pride.

Then Emma giggled.

"The hard part will be when I introduce her 'aunt' Lynn as mommy's new girlfriend."

Lynn's eyes widened with surprise.

"What do you mean by 'aunt'?"

Emma leaned closer, to feel even more of Lynn's closeness.

"It's what I call all five of you." she whispered.

"Honorary aunts to Tina. You know, to make her understand just how much you mean to me.

She knows of course that you all are not her real aunts but still."

Lynn sighed.

"That is so sweet, Emma. It really is. And I can't wait to meet her. I hope she likes me, as your girlfriend I mean."

She leaned in and kissed Emma on the forehead, lingering there for a moment before pulling back. She knew that Emma had always had a soft spot for all of them, but to hear her say it out loud made Lynn's heart swell with affection.

"Why wouldn't she, its not like you are total stranger's."

Emma smiled, bringing a little bit of ease to Lynn.

"I'm just nervous Ii guess. It's important to me that I don't come between you two." Lynn sounded a bit more insecure than she tried to let on.

"Don't worry!" Emma whispered, her hand tracing small circles on Lynn's shoulder.

"You won't. I promise. And now stop worrying, let us enjoy the time we have."

And with that Emma leaned in to kiss her, gently letting her fingers dance over Lynn's back.

Their kiss grew stronger, a silent declaration of their feelings that transcended the confines of their friendship. It was a kiss that spoke of passion and desire, a promise of a future filled with love and understanding. After they broke the kiss Lynn smiled.

"So, tell me babe, why didn't you pee before we snuggled in?"

Her voice was low, a playful tease that sounded through the darkness.

Emma let her fingers wander over Lynn's side.

"Well, might be the same reason why you didn't." she teased back, her voice a low purr.

The air grew thick with a different kind of tension as their eyes met in the dark.

Lynn's hand paused, her cheeks flushing with lust in the dimness.

"I might have had a bit too much to drink, and should have gone." she murmured, her voice a soft confession.

Emma's laugh was low and intimate, a shared secret in the quiet of the night.

"Looks like we're both playing chicken with our bladders.”

She said, her tone playful but filled with an underlying current of desire.

She reached up to trace Lynn's jawline, the touch sending shivers down Lynn's spine.

Their whispers grew quieter, the conversation taking on a more sensual tone.

"Maybe we should see who breaks first." Lynn suggested, a mischievous glint in her eyes.

Emma leaned in, her breath a warm tickle against Lynn's ear.

"Or." She whispered back. "We could just let it happen."

Lynn couldn't stop a stupidly wide grin from spreading across her face.

It was like Emma had read her mind.

"You really get me, don't you?"

She whispered, her voice a mix of amazement and affection.

Emma smiled

"I try to, its not as hard as it sounded when you first admitted that you like pee....also...honestly it was super sexy as you peed on my lap. I liked it, a lot more than I thought I would."

"Really?" Lynn was surprised but also excited.

"So....we really do this then? Are you sure you don't mind sleeping in a wet sleeping bag?"

"Well, it will be a bit... different."

Emma admitted, her voice a mix of hesitation and excitement.

"But as long as I'm in your arms, I'm pretty sure I'll sleep like a baby."

Her eyes searched Lynn's in the dark, looking for reassurance.

Lynn's smile grew wider, her eyes sparkling with understanding.

"Trust me, Babe." she whispered.

"It'll be fine."

She reached out and took Emma's hand, giving it a gentle squeeze.

"I will hold you the whole night."

Their fingers intertwined, and Emma felt a warmth spread through her. The thought of sleeping with Lynn, feeling her warmth and her love, was more comforting than any blanket could ever be, wet sleeping bag or not.

She took a deep breath and nodded.

"Okay." she murmured. "I'm ready."

Lynn's smile grew, and she leaned in closer, her breath hot against Emma's skin.

"And who should go first?" she whispered, her voice filled with a seductive tone.

Emma swallowed hard, feeling her heart race.

"You." She managed to say.

"You're the one who started it."

Lynn chuckled softly, her eyes gleaming with lust. She shifted slightly, gently pulling Emma's leg up, trapping it between hers. The position was intimate, Emma's thigh pressed tightly against Lynn's crotch.

"No turning back now, I got you!"

Lynn whispered, her voice a seductive promise.

Emma could feel the warmth of Lynn's body, the anticipation building as Lynn leaned in closer, her breath hot against her neck. The first few drops of urine hit Emma's thigh, sending a jolt of surprise through her. But it quickly gave way to a warm feeling that spread through her body, a mix of excitement and comfort. The sound of Lynn peeing grew louder, a gentle hiss that seemed to echo through the tent. Lynn's panties were quickly soaked, the fabric darkening as her pee flowed freely. The warm liquid spread through the fabric and onto Emma's skin, the sensation unfamiliar yet oddly erotic. Emma's grip tightened on Lynn's hand as she felt the heat spread, the sensation of being bathed in Lynn's golden nectar making her heart race.

Lynn's moan grew louder, a soft, needy sound that sent shivers down Emma's spine. The pressure on her thigh grew more intense as Lynn's stream continued. Emma could feel the wetness spreading, her own desire building as she became more and more aroused. As Lynn's pee began to slow, she leaned in and kissed Emma deeply, their tongues dancing together as the last few drops left her. "Your turn." she moaned into Emma's mouth.

Emma took a deep breath, the warmth of Lynn's pee against her thigh making her own bladder ache with need. She nodded, her eyes never leaving Lynn's.

Emma's mind raced, somehow she wanted to make it special for Lynn. And then she got it, she gently pushed Lynn on her back crawling on top of her lover. The sleeping bag was tight, but it didn't matter, not right now.

"This is going to be more fun!" she whispered, her voice filled with affection and passion.

Lynn's eyes went wide, she didn't see that coming.

"Emma!" she whispered, a hint of surprise in her voice. But she didn't resist, she had an idea what was about to come and she liked it. Emma now lying on top of Lynn smiled, her eyes twinkling with excitement.

"I hope this works out like I hope!" she whispered, her voice a seductive promise that sent shivers down Lynn's spine.

Rachel, Lisa, Lilly, and Jane were close but their breathing steady and rhythmic.

They were either sleeping deeply or pretending to, giving the couple the privacy they needed for their intimate moment.

With a gentle nudge, Emma positioned herself so that her pelvis hovered just above Lynn's, the fabric of her own soaked panties pressing into Lynn's already wet ones. She took a deep breath, feeling the warmth of her bladder, and allowed the dam to break. The difficulties from the morning to start peeing her panties were gone. Now, she felt a strange thrill as she felt her golden stream release, coating Lynn's crotch with a new layer of warm wetness.

The scent of their combined arousal filled the air as Emma's pee flowed freely, soaking through the fabric and pooling between them. Lynn's breath grew shallow, her eyes closed as the golden cascade rushed over her pussy. She couldn't hinder another moan escaping her lips, louder than she wanted.

The sound of the pee hitting the sleeping bag, the feeling of the warm wetness spreading between her legs, it was all new to Lynn. She never had someone indulge with her in her kink on that level.

As the final drops of Emma's pee fell, she let herself glide from Lynn, her cheeks red with lust and affection. She settled back into her place beside Lynn, her own panties now soaked more and clinging to her skin. Lynn's hand searched Emma's waistband and dove into her panties.

"Please don't be mad at me but...I can't take it any longer." she whispered.

Emma, still riding the high of her own release, looked into Lynn's eyes, understanding and desire filled her own gaze.

"There's nothing to be sorry for, Love." she murmured, her voice thick with need.

"If you wouldn't have started it I would."

Lynn's touch was feverish, her fingers tracing Emma's slick lower lips, gently parting them.

The sensation sent waves of pleasure through Emma's body, her eyes rolling back in her head.

She mirrored Lynn's actions, her hand sliding into the wet fabric to find Lynn's clit, already swollen with anticipation.

Their breaths grew ragged, their whispers lost in the symphony of their heat. Their movements grew bolder, the warmth of their urine mingling with their arousal. Emma's thumb found Lynn's clit and began to circle it with expert precision, her other fingers slipping into her wetness. Lynn's hips bucked, a soft cry escaping her as she felt Emma's fingers inside her, stroking her deep.

Their moans grew louder, echoing in the confined space of the tent. They knew the others were only asleep, but the intensity of their passion was too much to contain. Rachel stirred, but a gentle snore assured them she was lost in dreams.

Like a whirlwind their hands moved in harmony, each giving and receiving pleasure. Their kisses grew more urgent, tongues dancing as their bodies grew taut with desire. The warmth of their shared secret was a balm against any embarrassment, any doubt. They were two souls intertwined, lost in the throes of passion. And then, as if triggered by some unspoken cue, they both climaxed. Their bodies tensed, muscles clenching as they rode the wave of pleasure together. The sound of their shared ecstasy filled the tent, a testament to the depth of their love and connection.

In the aftermath, they lay tangled together, breathing heavily, their hearts racing in unison.

The warmth of their shared passion lingered in the air, a sweet scent that was uniquely theirs.

"That was....wonderful...." Lynn gasped between heavy breaths.

"It was." Emma murmured, also trying to catch her breath.

It took them more than a few moment's to regain their calm again but they were happy, having shared a special moment that would just mark the beginning of their sexual adventures.

After they finally had their breath under control again, they listened to the sounds of their surroundings. The occasional rustle of the sleeping bags and the steady patter of rain outside served as a gentle lullaby, but it was the sudden sound of Lilly's stifled giggle that broke the serene moment.

"Somebody's going to sleep like a baby in that wet spot."

She teased from her own sleeping bag, her voice light with mirth.

Rachel, Lisa and Jane couldn't hold it in any longer either, their own giggles joining in the chorus of joy that bounced around the tent.

Lynn's cheeks burned red, and Emma felt a blush spread across her chest, but they couldn't help but smile at the playful teasing. It was all in good fun, and they knew their friends well enough to know that there was no malice behind it.

"You're all terrible, that was a really intimate moment!"

Lynn said with a grin, her voice muffled by her embarrassment but without sharpness.

Rachel chuckled.

"We're just happy for you two. And let's face it, we're all adults, we have sex. I just did not think you would go all the way with us all around."

Rachel's voice was light and teasing, but there was no judgment in it.

"We still should sleep now, good night all of you."

Lisa yawned, reminding them all of the late hour. Another wave of good nights made the round before they all snuggled back into their sleeping backs.

Emma's head rested on Lynn's shoulder, their breaths syncing as sleep began to claim them.

The fabric of the sleeping bag was sogging underneath them, the warmth of their combined pee though created a somewhat cozy feeling. Their hands found each other again.

The first rays of sunlight began to peek through the tent's windows, casting a soft glow over Rachel's sleeping form. Her eyes fluttered open, and she stretched herself, feeling the heaviness in her bladder. But as she saw her friends in various states of slumber she decided to hold it for a little while longer. It was Jane who was the next to fully awaken, bolting upright with a start.

The cold shock of wet fabric against her legs had jolted her out of a peaceful slumber. She blinked in the early morning light, looking down to find her pajama bottoms soaked and clinging to her legs. For a moment, she was frozen with disbelief. Her heart raced as she realized she had had an accident in her sleep. The horror of the situation began to wash over her, but she quickly recalled the events of the previous night. The laughter, the camaraderie, the shared secrets and experiences.

Jane's panic slowly receded, replaced by a strange mix of embarrassment and acceptance. After all, they had all been so open about their bodily fluids and the disregard for pulling their pants down. She took a deep breath and glanced around the tent. Rachel had noticed her friend's distress and sat up, her eyes searching Jane's. Jane gazed back to her and with a crooked smile, she whispered.

"I had an accident! I wet myself in my sleep."

She was not really sure how to react to it herself, feeling both embarrassed and full of joy.

Rachel, with a playful smile, simply said.

"So what? You think after yesterday that's a bad thing?"

Rachel's voice was filled with mischief as she reached down and unzipped her sleeping bag to show her legs.

"Here, let me help you feel better."

Rachel whispered to Jane, her voice soothing. And then she grinned as she opened her legs just a bit and let go. Jane watched in amazement as Rachel's pee spurted forth, a warm, golden arc that flowed through her panties soaking them and the sleeping bag. Rachel didn't stop smiling the whole time, her eyes never leaving Jane's. Rachel's pee had a strong, musky scent, typical for her morning pee.

Lisa opened her eyes to the early morning light, the gentle sounds of her friends stirring around her. She took in the scene, her gaze landing on Rachel's playful act of solidarity with Jane. Rachel's pee glistened in the soft light.

"Oh good, you already started. So I'm not the first."

And with that a surprisingly loud hiss joined the splashing of Rachel's peeing. Lisa closed her eyes once again, sighing as her morning pee soaked through her panties and into her sleeping bag. Rachel and Jane giggled, the sight so strange yet oddly familiar and comforting. They just started this weekend with this new activity and still, the bond they had made it look like they did this for years. Jane noticed that her bladder was not fully empty and so she relaxed again, her body feeling the urge to let go once more. The already cold pee in between her legs warmed up again with the new wave of release. She started to giggle and it grew into a laughter, joined by Lisa and Rachel who finished their pee.

Emma and Lynn woke from the commotion, realizing the situation in a second they both blissfully released their bladders in a silent agreement. Wetting each other again as their legs were still a bit tangled. Their kiss grew more passionate as the warm liquid soaked the sleeping bag beneath them. Rachel looked over with a twinkle in her eye.

"Looks like you two don't waste any time." Lisa quipped.

"Is there a dry sleeping bag left?" Rachel asked playfully, scanning the tent.

Her question hung in the air, a silent challenge to the others.

"Wait a second!" Lilly called out, her voice filled with mischief as she watched Rachel.

Then she sat up and her face relaxed, another soft hiss could be heard.

"Nope, not one!" she laughed as her pee drenched her panty, changing its color from pure white to a stained yellow.

The joy and laughter of the group could be heard even outside the tent, luckily they were still alone, most likely thanks to the event from the evening, despite the rain.

"Well, it definitely has its perks to simply let it flow." Jane giggled, looking down at her pee-soaked legs, her earlier embarrassment forgotten in the shared laughter.

"Yep, I will absolutely miss this but I will miss you all even more. Thank god for the conference call plan." Emma said with a chuckle, breaking the playful silence.

"It's like we're back in the schoolyard, only with more... adult topics."

Rachel's eyes twinkled as she glanced at the wet spot on the sleeping bag between Lynn and Emma, hinting at their nighttime escapade.

The tent was filled with a mix of laughter and nostalgia as they all nodded in agreement, their shared experiences from the weekend having brought them closer than ever before. Not that they weren't close before, they always saw themselves as kind of sisters anyway. Sisters that had each other's back, shared everything, and had a deep bond. But now, they had something else to share, something that was uniquely theirs.

They had discovered a new dimension to their friendship, one that involved accepting and embracing each other's kinks and bodily functions without judgment. It was a bond that was both liberating and incredibly intimate, a bond that transcended the typical boundaries of friendship.

As they all lay there in the warm, pee-soaked sleeping bags, Rachel couldn't help but feel a twinge of sadness.

"We've got to do this more often."

She said, her voice filled with genuine longing.

"This weekend has been... amazing."

"We will!" Lilly assured her, her voice still light with laughter.

"We've got our weekly calls to keep us all connected, and maybe we can plan more trips like this."

"But it's not just about the peeing." Lisa added, her voice a bit more serious.

"It's about being here, together. Sharing everything, just like we used to do."

They all murmured their agreement, the warmth of their friendship filled their hearts like their pee did to their clothes. They knew that their lives would never be the same, that this weekend had changed something fundamental in their relationships. Of course they never were shy about peeing in front of each other, but now they twisted the knob to eleven, and they loved it.

They peeled themselves out of their sleeping bags, stood up, stretched their limbs and made themselves ready to face the day. Rachel was the first to break the silence.

"Well, I for one need a shower, and I'm dying for some of that amazing breakfast from the cafe."

She announced, her tummy rumbled softly to drive the point home.

"Me too!" Lilly chimed in, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

"I hope they have the pancakes again, they were so tasty yesterday."

Rachel nodded in agreement, her face breaking into a wide smile as she imagined the warm, fluffy stacks covered in syrup.

Lilly leaned closer to Emma, though she did not really kept her voice down.

"So, yesterday morning, was it Lynn or your bladder?"

Her eyes were sparkling with curiosity, a knowing smile playing on her lips.

Emma returned the smile, her cheeks flushing just a tad.

"Well, Lilly, what's a sleepover without a little mystery?" she replied, winking to her friend.

"You fucking tease!"

Lilly shouted, but while she tried to sound harsh her face was all smiles.

"Hey, leave my girlfriend alone! Who say's it wasn't both? Me and her bladder."

Lynn grinned and sent a wink to Emma, it was basically the truth but they wouldn't know.

The room erupted in laughter once again at this conversation. Lynn pulled Emma close and gave her another kiss.

Then they all started to get dressed, pulling on their mostly dry shorts from the night before, they still had the scent from the last night on them. Though they didn't bother to change their panties, the stickiness of the wet fabric a reminder of their shared experience. Throwing on their t-shirts, they grabbed their fresh clothes and headed out into the warm morning sun.

They arrived at the showers, this time they sadly don't have them to their own but it didn't dampen their spirits. All of them already had empty bladders.

The shower room was a flurry of activity with other women of all ages already showering and getting ready for the new day. Steam and the smell of various soaps and shampoos filled the air.

Luckily they all found stalls adjacent to each other, with Emma and Lynn having to share which they did not mind in the slightest. The shower filled them with new energy and washed away the last remnants of their adventurous night. Of course they did not talk about the newfound habit in public, instead they discussed their plans to maintain this connection once they were back to their regular lives. But they all saw it in their eyes, the thrill of the night still lingered forever ingrained in their mind and their lives.

After they were done with their showers they made their way to the campground's cafe for breakfast, the scent of sizzling bacon and brewing coffee wafting through the air like yesterday morning. The breakfast was as great as the day before, even if the taste was a bit dampened by their looming farewell, at least the physical one. In spirit they never were apart as the weekend showed.

They sat around their table savoring the breakfast, letting the weekend pass by again, the re-connection, the newfound love, the hike and the picnic and of course the rafting adventure.

After they finished eating they returned to their tent.

As they started to pack up their belongings, the atmosphere grew more intimate. They let the more spicy topics return keeping the mood high despite a bit of melancholy hovering around them.

It was a wild weekend but it was theirs, and it wouldn't be the last. They already started to throw around ideas for another get-together, maybe the next time with their families as a whole.

The sun had already reached her peak as the friends finally had everything ready packed.

They had decided to take one last group photo to capture the weekend's memories.

They all stood in front of their tent, which was now nothing but a pile of fabric,ropes and metal poles, smiling broadly. Rachel grabbed the next best passerby and asked him to snap the picture, while the group of friends squeezed together, their laughter and chatter filling the air.

The photo captured the best of them, a wild bunch of crazy women, crazy in the best way possible. They thanked the man and shared the photo to each other. With the last bags and the tent in hand they walked together in a loose line, chatting and laughing as they carried their bags and coolers through the campground. The dampness of the sleeping bags was well hidden from onlookers.

Jane climbed into the back of Lisa's van to help her fit the bulky tent into it. As she shuffled around the gear, her hand brushed against something soft and bulky. She pulled it out and her eyes widened in surprise. It was a full package of incontinence pads, the exact kind Lisa had said she had forgotten to bring. Jane turned to look at Lisa, her expression a mix of confusion and amusement.

"Lisa, you said you forgot your pads."

Jane said, holding up the unopened pack with a playful smile.

Lisa, who was busy securing the tent in place, turned to look at her with a mischievous wink.

"Well, I might have lied a little." she admitted with a grin.

"I wanted to see if you all would be okay with me being as I am now."

The revelation hit Jane like a gentle wave of warmth, understanding that Lisa's openness had been a test of their old bond. Rachel, who had been walking nearby, heard the exchange and chuckled, shaking her head.

"You sly fox!" she said, her eyes sparkling with affection.

Lilly leaned into the van, her curiosity piqued.

"What's going on?" she asked, noticing the incontinence pads in Jane's hand.

Jane held up the package with a dramatic flourish, and the group erupted into laughter.

"So, you had a plan all along, huh?" Lilly teased Lisa.

Lisa shrugged, her cheeks flushing slightly.

"I wouldn't say that, it was more of a...test?" she said, her voice light.

"And it worked out better than I could have hoped."

Emma and Lynn, still hand in hand looked to her and grinned.

"Oh yes it did!" Lynn smiled giving a small peck on Emma's cheek.

“Yes, we reconnected and Lynn and me...well I think I owe you big time Lisa." Emma smiled softly.

Lisa looked over her shoulder with a smirk.

"Well, I might just cash in that favor in some way." she replied, the warmth of their friendship shining through her words.

The weekend was a whirlwind of adventure and re-connection, all thanks to Lisa's meticulous planning and determination to bring them all together. She had called each of them tirelessly, making sure everyone was on board and had all the details squared away. Rachel couldn't help but think back to all the times Lisa had texted and phoned, making sure that no one felt left out or unprepared for the weekend. It was clear that Lisa had put her heart and soul into making this trip happen, and it had paid off in spades.

The camping ground, which she had secured for them. The tent had been the centerpiece of their weekend, a symbol of their unity and shared experiences. It had been the perfect space for their late-night confessions and early morning giggles.

As they packed the last of their stuff into the vehicles, Rachel stepped up to Lisa, her eyes misting with gratitude.

"Thank you, Lisa." she said, her voice earnest.

"This weekend has been... I don't even have the words. But it's all because of you."

Lilly echoed Rachel's sentiment, hugging Lisa tightly.

"You're a lifesaver." she whispered, her voice muffled by Lisa's shoulder.

"I've never felt so... so me again."

Jane, who had been quietly watching the exchange, added her own thanks.

"You've given us all something incredible, Lisa. This weekend has brought back something in all of us. I'll never be able to thank you enough."

Lisa's face grew warm with the praise, but she waved them off with a chuckle.

"It was nothing!" she said, her eyes sparkling.

"Just a little bit of organization and a lot of love."

The group stood in a circle, their arms wrapped around each other's shoulders, the warmth of their friendship embraced them. They knew that this weekend would be etched into their memories forever, a testament to the power of their friendship.

As they hugged one last time before parting ways, they all couldn't help but feel a sense of pride in themselves. They had come so far from their schoolyard days, and yet, the essence of those carefree moments remained. All had grown into strong, independent women, each with their own stories and quirks, but bound by an unbreakable bond. And now they carried with them not just their memories but a newfound sense of belonging and love.

Lynn and Emma had the hardest time pulling away from each other. Their fingers intertwined, unwilling to let go. Rachel leaned against her car, watching them with a knowing smile, remembering the day before as they confessed to each other. Lilly and Jane exchanged glances, their faces soft with understanding. They knew what it was like to find a connection that went beyond friendship, a spark that lit a fire deep within.

With a final squeeze, Lynn whispered into Emma's ear.

"I'll miss you, but we'll make it through until next weekend."

Emma nodded, her eyes misting with tears.

"We'll talk every day!" she promised.

They all climbed into their cars and started their engines, the sound a cacophony of goodbye's, as they slowly began to drive away. Each car pulled out of their lot in a line, their tires crunching over the gravel as they waved through the windows. Rachel honked her horn, the sound echoing through the campground as they all pulled onto the main road. They drove in a convoy for a while, their cars a procession of friendship, before they turned onto the highway and headed their separate ways, for the moment.

Thanks all for your time reading my little story, hope you all had fun.

