Camping Moms

Author: Lasius

*003*2024-12-13 21:25

Took a little while but here it is, part three.

Hope you all enjoy it.

Part 3

The next day had long since begun, as they all still snored. The clock already showed half past eight, but the whiskey and the late evening kept them in a soft slumber.

Emma awoke to the sound of birds chirping outside, the light of the early morning sun peeking through the tent's mesh windows. She squinted, her head a bit heavy from the previous night's indulgence. As her eyes finally adjusted to the light, she looked down and noticed something she hadn't before, her hand was still entwined with Lynn's, their fingers tightly interlocked. A little blush spread across her face as the memories of the night before flooded back to her. The gentle rise and fall of Lynn's chest with every breath she took was mesmerizing and caught her eye.

The sound of their friends' snores mixes in a comforting backdrop.

She looked around, Rachel and Lilly were lying in their sleeping bags, their bodies sprawled out as much as the bags let them, and Lisa had a gentle smile on her face. Jane was curled up in a ball, her breathing slow and steady. It was almost as if they were back in one of their backyards and camping, though this time they had more room, despite being bigger than in the past.

The kiss was still a vivid memory, the taste of Lynn's mouth lingering on hers, at least Emma told this to herself. She remembered the way Lynn's hand had slid up her thigh during the lap dance, the electricity of the touch that had sent shiver's trough her body. That Lynn committed to it even after her confession took her by surprise but it also filled her with an excitement that took her breath away. And then the kiss, oh the kiss! It had been more than she could have ever imagined. She never spent much time searching for a girlfriend, her work and daughter filling her life but that kiss....it was a revelation. A sign that she did crave more than she had.

Emma's mind drifted to Jane, she had a crush on her in the past. But it was more of...a soft whisper. Sure Jane's shyness always had a certain allure to it, in fact it was the reason why Emma noticed her and introduced the group to her. It was like watching a shy deer in a meadow, so sweet and delicate. But Emma knew Jane's sexuality was as straight as the lines on a ruler. Jane had never shown any interest in anything other than men and while it stung back then, she was happy for her now.

Sure she was a bit envious of Jane's husband....'was' being the keyword.

The crush she once had on her shy friend was getting replaced by another one, and with a power she was surprised at. The way Lynn kissed her...it opened something in her she never knew was there.

She was crushing hard for Lynn! Well to be honest not one of her friends were safe from Emma's crushes. At some point she crushed for all of them, but this time Emma feared she could be really in for it, especially since Lynn was single and bisexual.

She closed her eyes for a moment, savoring the sensation of Lynn's hand in hers, the gentle pressure of their fingers touching each other. But she felt something else grew more insistent, her bladder reminding her that she hadn't visited the toilet in a while, especially after the drinking last night. The warmth of the tent and the comfort of their shared secret made her feel a bit like a teenager again, her heart racing at the thought of sneaking away for a private moment and returning back to Lynn. But she did not want to sneak away. She wanted to keep holding Lynn's hand despite what her bladder told her.

Emma squeezed her legs together and shifted slightly in her sleeping bag, trying to ignore the increasingly urgent need to release what her bladder held.

The walk to the bathroom was not a short one as she learned yesterday, and the thought of breaking the spell they were under was daunting.

The memories of the night grew more clear in her mind, especially the memory of Lisa's mishap was echoing in her mind. The way Lisa had laughed it off, not caring about the wet spot on her pants because it was already too late to worry and not even as she fully wet her pants it bothered her. That same sense of reckless abandon called to Emma now, whispering with a sweet voice in her ear about letting go of her inhibitions and embracing the moment. Her hand in Lynn's wiggled with her effort of holding back the urgent need, but she knew she could not keep it in much longer.

But she didn't want to let go either. Not yet. The feeling of their skin touching was like a spell, connecting them in a way that she did not think possible. It was a silent whisper of something more, a promise of connection and hidden desires and she was not ready to break it right now.

For just a small moment a thought flimmered through Emma's mind. It was absurd, ridiculous even. But the whispers were insistent, turning into a sirens call of naughtiness. What if she just let go? The warmth of the sleeping bag, the comfort and pleasure of Lynn's hand in hers, it was a tempting cocktail. The idea grew stronger, the thought of releasing had a strange kind of allure.

Emma's heart raced at the very thought of it. She knew it was wrong, that she should get up and walk to the bathroom like a normal adult, or at least in the bushes. But the memories of their teenage days, and the thrill of the game of truth or dare from last night danced in her head.

If she did it, if she peed in the bag, she could stay right here. No one would have to know. It'd be like a silent declaration of how much she didn't want to break their bond.

Rubbing her legs together she noticed that she had only her shirt and panties on. Her pants were nowhere to be seen, lost to the hazy part of her memories from the night before. It was almost comical how the consequences of the night had led her to this point. She couldn't believe she was seriously considering peeing in her sleeping bag with her friends just a few feet away. But the little voice in her head got louder, the thrill of the forbidden urge to stay connected to Lynn overriding her adult sensibilities. Her eyes darted around the tent, Rachel and Lilly were both sound asleep, their breathing deep and rhythmic. Jane's sleep was lighter, a soft sigh escaping her lips every now and then. Lisa was on the other side of the tent, her chest rising and falling in peaceful slumber. They all were oblivious to the battle Emma fought with herself, and they would not notice she was sure of that.

Emma's hand remained tightly clasped with Lynn's, the heat of their palms a reminder of her need to stay connected to Lynn. She took a deep breath and tried to still the butterflies in her stomach. If she was going to do this, she had to be quick and quiet. She didn't want to make a mess, after all it was not her tent. But the idea of it, the thrill of this wild secret, was too tempting to resist.

She made her decision, a part of her did find it strange but her path was clear in front of her.

She was going to pee in the sleeping bag. It was a crazy thought, something she never imagined she'd do, but the memory of the night before eased her worries. If Lisa could do it, if they could all share such an intimate moment, then surely she could indulge in this one small rebellion against propriety for the sake of her romantic feelings.

Emma took a deep breath, her heart racing as she slowly relaxed her muscles.

And then nothing happened. The dam didn't break. Her body seemed to resist her rebellious thoughts, clinging to the last vestiges of her toilet training. But she wouldn't give up that easy not after all what had happened. The warmth of Lynn's hand was a silent encouragement, something that gave her a braveness she thought lost in time.

With a quiet determination she closed her eyes, focused on the sensation of her bladder, willing it to let go. And then, with a soft sigh and just a little bit of coaxing, the first trickle began. It was strange, a feeling both foreign and familiar. The warmth spread between her legs, and she felt a brief moment of panic what if the other's do notice? What if she made a mess greater than anticipated?

But she had come this far, and she didn't want to ruin the moment, to stop now would be futile anyway the damage already done. So she closed her eyes and allowed the flow to continue, feeling the wetness seep through her panties and into the sleeping bag.

The sound of the pee hitting the fabric was faint, almost soothing in the relative stillness of the tent. She could feel it spreading, the warmth clinging to her skin as it flowed over her tighs, pooling on her hip, since she was lying on her side. The fabric of the bag grew heavier with each passing second, the sensation both strange and oddly comforting with the warmth of her bodily fluid. Her body was responding to the call of the nature, and she couldn't help but feel a sense of liberation doing it so unconventional in her sleeping bag.

But then, she heard it! Lynn's first soft morning breath. Her eyes snapped open, and she saw Lynn looking around the tent, still a bit groggy. After a few moments Lynn's eyes found hers. Emma was mortified but tried to keep calm and normal, she could not stop her flow but she tried to ease it a bit as not to be heard so easily.

She hoped that Lynn had not noticed the wet spot growing under her.

Lynn smiled at her. "Morning Em. Had a good rest?"

Emma's heart skipped a beat, maybe she could get away with it. Even now Lynn made no effort to let go of Emma's hand.

"Yeah, and you?" Emma tried to keep her voice steady.

Lynn's smile got wider as she nodded. "Fantastic!"

Then she tilted her head slightly to the side, her eyes flicking down to the wet spot spreading beneath Emma.

"And it seems like you had a bit more fun than I realized."

Emma's face turned crimson as she had been caught. She opened her mouth to explain, but Lynn's expression stopped her. It was not one of disgust or anger, but something else, something Emma hadn't anticipated. Lynn's eyes searched hers, a silent question lingering in the air. And then, with a soft chuckle, Lynn leaned in and kissed her again, her lips pressing gently against hers, the warmth of her breath still lead to goosebumps on Emma's skin.

The kiss was unexpected, and Emma's body responded immediately, her bladder releasing the rest of its contents in a rush as she relaxed in the kiss. The pee soaked her panties and the sleeping bag beneath her, the warmth of it spreading through the material and onto her skin. But she didn't care, no she even started to enjoy it. Lynn's kiss was like a dam breaking, freeing her from the embarrassment she had felt just moments ago.

As they pulled apart, Emma felt the wetness between her legs, a stark reminder of what she had just done. Emma gazed into Lynn's eyes, it was a confusing feeling. She could not comprehend why Lynn kissed her after she had just wet herself.

"I'm....sorry Lynn....I...I...." Emma stammered, here she was, an attorney at a loss for words in her defense. She was usually so articulate, so precise. But here she was, fumbling for an explanation. She had peed in her sleeping bag, in front of Lynn, and all she could do was apologize.

But Lynn wasn't looking at her like she was a toddler who'd had an accident. No, there was a twinkle in her eye, a knowing smirk playing on her lips.

"It's okay, Em." Lynn whispered, her voice filled with a warm touch.

"But why did you do it?" her smile got wider into a wild grin.

Emma felt her cheeks burn even hotter.

"I didn't want to let go of your hand." she confessed, the words spilling out in a second.

It sounded so ridiculous, so childish. But it was the truth. That hand, that warm, comforting hand, was something she craved, something she wanted to hold till the end of eternity.

Lynn's expression grew a bit more serious, her eyes searching Emma's.

"You didn't have to go to such lengths." she said, her voice a gentle tease. "But I have to admit, it's pretty hot."

The words were like a cool breeze on a summer's day, soothing and surprising. Emma's confusion grew, but she felt a weight lift from her chest. If Lynn thought it was hot, then maybe it wasn't so bad. Maybe she wasn't the only one feeling this way.

"I didn't mean to..." Emma said, she kept her voice down not to wake the other's.

"I just..." But she couldn't find the right words.

How do you explain the overwhelming need to stay connected to someone, even in the most embarrassing of ways?

Lynn leaned closer again, her breath warm on Emma's cheek.

"It's okay." she murmured. "I get it."

And then she did something that made Emma's heart flutter even more, she brought her hand up to cup Emma's cheek, her thumb brushing away the very last remnants of fear and embarrassment.

"You're adorable, you know that?"

Emma's eyes searched Lynn's, looking for any sign of disgust or rejection. But all she saw was tenderness, and dare she say, affection, not only in the sense of friendship.

"You know." Lynn began, her voice tinted with a hint of amusement, but not in a degrading way. "You could have just gone outside to pee and come back to hold my hand again."

But there still was not even a hint of disgust or any other negative feeling about Emma's deed.

Emma's eyes widened. "You mean..." she trailed off, her voice trembling as it hit her mind what the easy solution would have been.

Lynn nodded, her smile growing.

"I had to go about an hour ago." she said, her eyes sparkling with humor. "I just slipped out, took care of business, and came back. But you." she leaned in closer, her breath tickling Emma's ear. "You had to go the extra mile, didn't you?"

The words sent a shiver down Emma's spine. It was true, she could have easily gotten up and relieved herself. In hindsight it was so clear but well, maybe she had still more whiskey in her system than she anticipated. And now, here she was, lying in a wet sleeping bag with the woman she had been dreaming about since last night's kiss. She really was crushing hard for Lynn.

"But you know what?" Lynn whispered, her voice taking a seductive tone.

"I think it's absolutely sexy that you'd rather wet yourself than let go of me."

Her hand gently caressed Emma's cheek, her thumb tracing small circles.

"It's like you're saying, 'I want you so much, I can't even leave you for a minute to pee.'"

The way Lynn said it made it sound like the most romantic thing in the world. Emma felt her blush deepen, her heart racing with a mix of embarrassment and excitement. She had never felt so exposed, so raw, and yet so accepted and adored.

"I didn't mean to!" she murmured, her eyes never leaving Lynn's. "I just...I don't know."

Lynn's gaze softened. "It's okay." she said again, her thumb brushing across Emma's lower lip.

"I still think you are extremely erotic, wet panties or not."

Without thinking, Emma leaned in and kissed her with urgency. Her mouth was demanding, her tongue seeking Lynn's, tasting her deeply. It was a kiss filled with passion and need, a kiss that said more than any words could. Lynn's arms wrapped around her, pulling her closer, the sleeping bag's squelching and rustling beneath them as their bodies pressed together. The faint scent of urine didn't matter. All that mattered was the connection that was building between them.

Their kiss was a dance of tongues and breaths, a silent conversation that spoke of yearning and desire. Lynn's hand slid down Emma's back, her fingers tracing the curve of her spine, sending shivers of pleasure through her searching for a way under Emma's shirt. Emma's hand found its way to Lynn's neck, her grip tightening without too much force as she deepened the kiss, her need for the woman in front of her growing with every passing second.

As they finally pulled apart, both of them panting, Lynn whispered. "This will be our little secret." Her voice was thick with desire, her eyes scanning every inch of Emma's Face.

"We'll keep it between us, your little mishap, and what it brought forth."

Emma nodded, her eyes never leaving Lynn's. She didn't know what this meant for them, didn't know if it was just a drunken mistake or the start of something more, at least from Lynn's side.

But in that moment of bliss, all she knew was that she didn't want it to end. She didn't care about the wetness, the embarrassment, or the potential fallout. All she cared about was the feeling of Lynn's hand in hers, the warmth of her body pressed against her own, and the promise of more secrets to come.

"Well, look at that!" Rachel shouted, sitting up in her sleeping bag.

Her voice was like a thunder crack in the otherwise quiet tent.

She had clearly heard the smack of their lips and the panting and shuffling, to be honest in the heat of the moment neither Lynn nor Emma had thought of their friends basically in arms reach. "Someone's getting a head start on the morning activities!"

With Rachel's cheer, the others also stirred. Lilly was the first to open her eyes fully, taking in the sight and grinning.

"Looks like someone had a wild night!" she exclaimed, sitting up and rubbing the sleep from her eyes. Jane looked at the two and blushed slightly, but even she couldn't help but smile at the sight of her friend so clearly happy.

Lisa was the last to notice but she looked at the two with a knowing smile.

"Well, well, well. Looks like someone couldn't wait for morning yoga to get things going." she teased, her voice filled with good-natured humor. Rachel's cheer had indeed woken everyone up, and now all eyes were on Emma and Lynn.

Lilly, Rachel, Lisa and even Jane, who had turned a shade of pink, were smiling and giggling as they watched the two friends in each other's arms. Rachel clapped her hands together.

"Alright, alright, let's not forget we're all adults here. But if you two are going to start the day with a kiss-fest, you've gotta share the details!" she said like the good adult she was.

Emma felt a blush creep up her neck, but she didn't pull away from Lynn's embrace.

Instead, she met Rachel's gaze with a mischievous twinkle in her eye.

"Would you believe she tried to scratch my back?" she answered, her voice filled with a playfulness she hadn't felt in ages.

Lilly stretched her arms over her head, her breasts stretching out her sleep shirt, uncaring of the audience or her erect nipples.

"Well, I for one, am not complaining. It's about time someone spiced up the morning routine!" she said, her voice dripping with mischief.

Despite the teasing, there was an underlying warmth in the tent, a camaraderie that had returned since they met again. Emma and Lynn still sat close to each other, neither of them wanted to move.

"But seriously, you two." Rachel said, her teasing tone turning slightly serious. "You know we're here for you, right? Whatever you need, we've got your back."

Emma's heart swelled with gratitude. It had been so long since she had felt this kind of acceptance, this kind of belonging. She had feared their reactions to her confession, but instead, they had embraced her with open arms and it seemed, open hearts, the closeness they all shared was the same as back when they were younger and maybe even a bit more.

"Thanks, Rachel." she said, her voice a bit shaky with emotion. "That means a lot. But...uhm..."

Lynn squeezed her hand gently, her thumb brushing against Emma's knuckles in a silent message of support.

"We're all here for each other." she added, her gaze flicking around the tent to include the others. "And if that means scratching a friend's back, then so be it."

Lynn made a big gesture that made it look like she scratched Emma's back.

The group laughed, the tension dissipating not that there was much, at least not the negative one the more erotic one between Emma and Lynn stayed.

They began to untangle themselves from their sleeping bags, stretching and yawning as they started to get ready for the day ahead.

Lilly looked over at them, her eyes sparkling with curiosity.

"So, tell us more about this secret romance." she prodded, her voice light.

Emma felt Lynn's grip tighten around her waist, but she didn't pull away, the message clear as day, whatever you want.

"It's not a romance." she said, a hint of a smile playing on her lips.

"Just a little bit of fun, right, Lynn?"

Lynn nodded, her grin widened.

"Just two friends enjoying a bit of... intimacy." she replied, her voice filled with mirth.

The other women watched them, their expressions a mix of amusement and skepticism.

Rachel raised an eyebrow, her gaze shrewd.

"If you say so." she said, her voice filled with doubt and a little bit of good-faith mockery.

Jane, still blushing, turned away to pack up her sleeping bag after she crawled out of it.

"It's sweet, really." she said, her excitement barely hidden.

Emma and Lynn sat there, looking around their friends and then back to themselves. They where unsure of the actual status they now inhabited. They did not see themselves as girlfriend's but it was more than just a drunken make out session. It was a seed, a little something that could go either way. Sure, their morning started with passion but they did not know if it was just a little flare or something more. They both knew that they couldn't deny the attraction that sizzled between them.

It was a secret thrill, a spark that had been hidden beneath the surface. But now it had been set free, and maybe it would set the whole forest on fire.

Lilly grinned, her eyes glinting.

"Well, if you two want to keep playing it cool, that's up to you." she said. "But we all know what we saw...and heard." she added with a wink while making smooching sounds.

Emma felt her heart race, but she still didn't pull away from Lynn. Instead, she leaned into her, relishing the warmth of her body, the smell of her skin. They had crossed a line, but she wasn't ready to step back just yet and Lynn also seemed to think so.

But then, suddenly, the air in the tent changed. Lisa sat bolt upright, her eyes wide with panic.

"Oh, shit!" she murmured, her hand flying to her crotch.

The others looked at her, alarmed by her sudden movement.

"What's wrong?" Rachel asked, her voice a bit concerned.

"I've gotta pee!" Lisa said, her voice tight with urgency. "Now!"

They all had learned about Lisa's weak bladder yesterday, the problems it brought, the way she'd have to run to the bathroom at the most inconvenient times, not always managing it in time.

And now in the morning after their little party it seemed to be here again with a vengeance.

Lisa slithered out of her sleeping bag, and the others were surprised that she was wearing nothing but a pair of panties, a bit on the unsexy side, well she did not have to impress anyone. It was a surprise, but in the group only Jane cared much for modesty in front of the others and only for a while the other's usually could convince her rather easily for someone so shy. Lisa's body was curvy, though still a step away from chubby, with hips that had widened a bit more since the birth of her two children. But she moved with a confidence that made everyone else feel a bit self-conscious.

"I can't hold it." she said, her voice a mix of desperation and resignation.

"I'm sorry, but I can't make it to the bathroom."

But as Lisa was about to open the tent-flap she froze, her gaze turning back to her friends.

They could see the dilemma etched on her face, the path in front of the tent was now crowded with other campers heading to the lake. Peeing in front of the tent was no longer an option like last night.

Emma watched as Lisa's hand tightened on her crotch, her eyes darting around the tent.

Rachel and Lilly exchanged a look, the same thought crossing their minds.

The group watched her plight with sympathy. They had all been there, he sudden, overwhelming need to pee, the unwanted attention of an audience when all you want is a private moment.

"Damn, we slept too long." Rachel said and Lisa nodded.

"I know...fuck! I think i will just sit down outside, give me a shirt." She was desperate and had to be quick unless she wanted to clean up the puddle in the tent. Rachel tossed her a shirt without question, understanding her desperation, she did not even know whose shirt it was.

"You really want to piss in the grass?" Lilly asked. "With all those people there?"

Lisa took a deep breath and nodded.

"I can't hold it to the bathroom!" she said through gritted teeth. "I will just sit down and pee through my panties. Hoping the best and make a nice face."

But just as she was ready to open the tent, she saw the cooler from yesterday, now empty.

"On the other hand....Sorry girl's!" Lisa said with a shrug and a grin.

"But desperate times..." She reached for the empty cooler, her cheeks flushing with resignation. Rachel and Lilly watched with a mix of shock and amusement.

"You're not actually going to..." Rachel began, but her words trailed off as Lisa nodded firmly.

"Oh, i am! It's better than peeing on the floor or in front of an audience!" Lisa said with a laugh, grabbing the cooler. The other's couldn't help but giggle at the absurdity of the situation.

With a shrug, Lisa pulled down her panties, a pair of sensible, but well-worn, mom-style underwear that had seen better days. Her bladder had been playing tricks on her since her second pregnancy, and she had learned to deal with it in the most practical ways.

"You know what, it's really not that bad." she said, positioning herself over the cooler.

"Better than the alternative." she added, giving them all a wink.

Jane watched, a little stunned but also a bit impressed by Lisa's nonchalance.

Lisa's pee spurted into the cooler with a sound that was a mix of relief and a splash. It was surprisingly loud in the otherwise silent tent. They could see the urine pool in the bottom, the sound changed to a little bit of gurgling as the puddle deepened. Lisa's vagina was easy to see as the yellow liquid spurted out of it. Her inner lips peeked just a bit over the outer ones and her bush was thick and curly.

"Oh, sweet relief!" she sighed, her body relaxing as the urgency left.

The smell of pee filled the tent, but nobody seemed to care. The absurdity of the situation was by far the most prevalent feeling.

Lilly, unable to contain herself, put a hand over her mouth and giggled.

"I can't believe you just pissed in the cooler." she said, her voice muffled.

"That's like, next level camping right there."

Lisa grinned, she was beyond embarrassment, especially in front of her friends.

"Hey, it's better than scrubbing the floor." she said with a shrug, her eyes sparkling with mirth.

"Also, you try holding it in after two kids and a night of drinking and with a weak bladder."

They all laughed breaking the awkward moment into a joyful memory. It was a moment that showed their bond and a connection that came from sharing the most intimate and embarrassing moments of your life with your best friends. Emma felt a strange mix of emotions, relief that no one had noticed her wet sleeping bag, and a strong sense of belonging as she watched her friends support Lisa so openly. It was like they were all part of an unspoken pact to accept each other's imperfections, no matter how messy or embarrassing they might be.

Lisa finally comes to an end.

"Done...wait!" she says, as a few more spurts escape her, hitting the cooler with a rhythmic pitter-patter. The sound filled the tent with a strange melody, making them all laugh again.

She grinned sheepishly, looking between her legs and up again.

"Guess I had a bit more than I thought!"

The teasing started again, a symphony of giggles and snickers, all wrapped in the warm blanket of their longstanding friendship.

But as the laughter subsides, the reality of their morning is setting in.

"Alright, let's get dressed." Rachel says, standing up and stretching.

"We've got a whole day of fun before us, and we don't want to spend it smelling like a frat house!"

Emma felt a twinge of panic, her eyes darting to her sleeping bag. How could she possibly get out of this without them finding out? Sure a part of her knew that her friend's would not judge her, particularly after Lisa's show. Yet she was not quite ready to out herself with that little secret.

But Lynn seemed to read her mind.

"Stay with me, we wait." She whispered her hand still holding Emma's.

Without much shyness Rachel, Lilly and Lisa began to undress. Only Jane looked a bit unsure, without the whiskey her confidence was not as big anymore. Lisa noticed Jane's hesitance, and graciously offered to hold up a blanket for her to change behind.

"I think a shower will do us all good. So don't dress to impress." Rachel grinned.

Rachel and Lilly, both in their mid-30s, still had the figures of much younger women.

Rachel's body showed the result of her hard work in her bakery and Lilly's was the result of her active lifestyle despite being a stay-at-home-mom. They began to strip down fully, casually tossing their clothes into a pile in the corner of the tent.

"Come on, Jane." Lisa said gently. "You don't have to be shy. We've all seen each other naked a hundred times before." Yet she still held the blanket up, it wouldn't shield everything but more than changing in plain view. Jane nodded, took a deep breath and slipped out of her pajamas behind the blanket, feeling a little rush of shame as the air touched against her bare skin. She was always the shy one, her body even now more petite than the others which made her a bit nervous.

Emma and Lynn watched from their sleeping bags, their bodies pressed together in a silent understanding. The scent of arousal mingled a little bit in the air, and the faint whiff of pee, a secret that only the two of them shared. As the others changed, they kept their distance, their eyes lingering on each other, the unspoken tension growing with every passing second.

Lilly, already dressed in her bikini, couldn't resist poking fun.

"What's taking you two so long?" she teased, her voice light. "You've got us all waiting!"

"We're just enjoying the view." Lynn quipped, her eyes glinting with mischief.

The others laughed, none the wiser to the true nature of their 'view', thinking of it as a little joke given the nature of their sexuality. Of course they couldn't care less, it was years too late to be ashamed of their bodies in front of each other, or offended by a gaze lingering a little to long.

"Watching is free, touching is for you two lovebird's!" Rachel grinned.

"Let's go, they are afraid we see that they are 'not girlfriend's'." Lilly smiled, hinting at their love juice soaked panties she assumed both of them wear, if only she knew the full extent of the wetness beneath the sleeping bag.

"Oh bite me!" Lynn retorted to Lilly.

"You have Em for that!" Lilly grinned as Rachel shoved her out of the tent, Lisa and Jane followed them.

"See you at the showers." Rachel called over her shoulder, winking at them. The moment the tent flap closed, the air in the tent felt charged with an electricity that was undeniable. Lynn looked over at Emma, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

"We did it!" she whispered, her voice filled with glee. "They have no clue of your little 'accident'!"

Emma couldn't help but laugh, a little nervously though.

"Yeah, we did." she said, sitting up and starting to untangle herself from the sleeping bag.

"But we can't just sit here all day. Rachel is not wrong with the shower." she added, glancing over at the wet spot.

They quickly and quietly worked together, unzipping the sleeping bag and dabbing the moisture, the scent of pee now stronger. The tent was a bit messy with no one caring to clean up just now, they still had to act fast before the others returned. Lynn grabbed a rope from the side and they both rushed to hang it up, hoping the warm morning air would dry the sleeping bag out before anyone noticed what it was. Their movements were a silent dance, a choreographed routine of friendship as they worked together like in the past. They managed to hang the sleeping bag without making too much noise, the light fabric fluttering from the quick work.

"Looks like we're done so far." Lynn murmured, her eyes on the sleeping bag.

Emma shot her a look. "Think it will dry quick enough?"

"Well, its out of our hands anyway." Lynn said, her eyes glinting with humor.

"It's not like we can get a blow dryer out here."

They shared a knowing look, the tension between them thick with anticipation.

"Guess we'll have to hope for the best" Emma giggled, her heart racing with the naughtiness of the moment.

They stripped down, their bodies a delicious contrast, Emma's smooth and toned from years of running, Lynn's more soft and supple yet still with a soft strength underneath. They didn't bother with modesty, too focused on the occasional peek. Lynn handed Emma a fresh set of clothes, crouching by the bags, her eyes lingering on the wet spot on the sleeping bag.

"You're absolutely cute." she said, her voice low and intimate. "You really didn't want to let go of my hand, huh?"

Emma felt a fresh flush creep up her neck.

"It's not just your hand." she admitted, her voice a bit quieter as she felt heat in her cheeks.

Without another word, Lynn leaned in and kissed her again, her tongue tracing the contours of Emma's mouth. It was a kiss filled with promise, with the excitement of the unknown. It was a kiss that said, 'There is more where that came from'.

When they finally pulled away, both of them were a bit embarrassed, not from shame but in the good way, when you took the last piece of chocolate and feel a bit guilty but also so good.

"Now, let's go get clean." Lynn said, her voice a little hesitant, she surely did not want to wash Emma's touch away.

"But maybe save some of that for later?" She winked as she pointed to her lips, and Emma couldn't help but laugh, the sound a little more shaky than she would have liked.

They dressed quickly, Emma's eyes lingering on Lynn's naked body before she pulled on her own clothes. As they were both dressed, they stepped outside into the rather warm morning air, the scent of pine mixing with the faint smell of the campfire's ash from last night. They could hear Rachel, Lilly, and Lisa's laughter in the distance, and the sound was like a beacon, calling them back to reality. They took one last look at each other, the memory of their shared secret still fresh, and then they set off towards the showers, hand in hand.

The other's reached the showers and toilets way before Emma and Lynn. Having quite the head-start on the two.

"Okay, I think the first thing on the agenda is going to pee." Rachel said, handing her toiletry bag to Lisa for safe keeping. Jane nodded, her bladder echoing the need. They had all had quite the night, and it was clear the whiskey was still taking its toll. After a few steps Rachel looked back to Lilly, noticing that she did not move with them.

"You coming?" Rachel asked.

Lilly just shakes her head.

"Nah, I'm good. You guys go ahead." Her voice was casual but her eyes had a certain glint.

Rachel raised an eyebrow but didn't question further, she knew Lilly could handle herself.

Jane followed Rachel like a mother goose. Rachel had always been kind of the leader, the one who took charge and knew what to do in any situation, or at least made it look so. As they approached the bathroom facilities they found them rather deserted, they really had slept through the first wave of guests.

"Why didn't Lilly come with us? I mean...she must also feel a need right?" Jane asked Rachel, her eyes flicking towards the shower area.

Rachel shot her a knowing smile.

"I have a feeling she'll be just fine." Rachel said with a wink.

Jane blushed, understanding Rachel's insinuation.

"No! She...she wouldn't...would she?"

Rachel just chuckled and pushed the toilet door open. She took in the cleanliness of the toilets, a rare but welcome sight in a campground. The owners had clearly put effort into maintaining them, and Rachel felt a twinge of gratitude for not having to hover over the seat. She glanced back at Jane, who was still blushing from Rachel's earlier remark.

"Come on, Jane." Rachel said gently, placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "You can do it." She knew Jane's history with public restrooms, how she would often wait until she was practically bursting before finding the courage to go. Rachel and the other's had been her wing-women in countless bathroom trips over the years, offering a pep talk or a distraction when needed.

Rachel took advantage of the solitude to whisper into Jane's ear.

"Remember, it's just peeing. You've done it a million times." Rachel's voice was low, but it was filled with warmth and encouragement. She knew that sometimes, all it took was a little nudge to help Jane overcome her anxieties.

Jane took a deep breath and nodded, her eyes meeting Rachel's. Rachel could see the determination in them, a silent promise that she would be okay.

With a murmured "Thanks." Jane slipped into the stall, her shoulders straightening a little.

Rachel couldn't help but smile. She approached the toilet and turned, pulling down her pant's and panties. As Rachel sat down on the toilet, the cold plastic seat sending a shiver up her spine.

The sound of the door closing behind her was comforting, a small reminder that she had a few moments of privacy amidst the chaos of camping, not that she would have minded otherwise. The girls had peed in front of each other thousands of times, often shielding themselves from a stranger's view.

As Rachel relieved herself, she thought about Jane. The shy girl they all knew and loved had somehow managed to become a successful marketing woman, but in the presence of their old clique, Rachel noticed a soft reversion to her former self. It was endearing, really, to see the strong, independent Jane allow someone else to lead. Rachel wondered if it was a way for her to unwind, to let go of the responsibilities of her career and her role as a wife and mother.

Jane pulled down her clothes and sat down....waiting...willing her body to release the pressure. The stall was cool and quiet, a stark contrast to the warmth and joyous atmosphere of the tent. Rachel's words echoed in her mind, it's just peeing, but her heart was racing, her palms sweaty. She took a deep breath and tried to relax, reminding herself of the countless times Rachel or any of her friends had talked her through this. She always got pee-shy in public toilets, some things did not change. But at least this time, other then yesterday, her panties were dry.

Finally she relaxed enough to let the stream flow, a sigh of relief escaping her lips. Jane listened to the sound of her own pee hitting the porcelain, feeling the tension in her bladder ease as the pressure subsided. It was a familiar sound, a sound that was strangely comforting in its mundanity amidst the excitement of their camping trip.

While they watched Rachel and Jane walk to the toilets, Lisa turned to Lilly with a mischievous grin.

"So, are you going to pee in the shower?" she teased, her eyes glinting with humor.

Lilly's grin grew wider, and she shrugged nonchalantly.

"Pot, kettle, black." she quipped back, reminding Lisa of her own escapades.

"You're one to talk, with your cooler antics. If I would be you I would not lecture others."

The air was filled with the playful banter that only old friends could share without a hint of embarrassment.

"That was an accident...more or less." Lisa said with a smirk, her voice low and conspiratorial.

"But you know me, always ready for anything." she winked, remembering the countless times she'd had to make a mad dash for the bathroom, sometimes to no avail.

With steady steps, they entered the shower room. The small stalls with the short walls offered a semblance of privacy, but it was clear that the space was designed for function over modesty.

"Well, at least they try." Lisa said looking at the meager shower stalls, but she was not one to be shy with her body. Lilly didn't miss a beat and dashed to the nearest one. Her need getting stronger. With a flourish she peeled her clothes off her body while Lisa entered the stall next to her.

"Good thing we are alone here. Look a fountain!" Lilly said with a cheeky smile, pointing to her middle.

The room was indeed empty, giving her the privacy she needed for this moment of relief.

She stepped into the shower stall, the cold tiles a stark contrast to the warmth of her body.

With a playful glint in her eye, she spread her legs and began to pee, a strong, steady stream leaving her body with a sound that was surprisingly loud in the otherwise silent room.

The stream of urine arced from Lilly's pussy, her fingers spreading her lips to fully utilize the power of her bladder's release. The pee was a golden hue not as dark as normally, a testament to the hydration she'd had overnight, and it splashed against the tiles before swirling down the drain. The smell was faint but unmistakable, not quite as strong as one would assume for the first morning pee.

Lisa couldn't help but laugh, shaking her head at Lilly's antics.

"I won't hear anything from you when i have an accident next time. You have no shame girl!"

Lilly just shrugged, still peeing with glee.

"What's the point of having a good aim if you can't show it off?" she quipped, her voice echoing off the tiles.

The sound of her urine was like a little waterfall, a testament to her need and the ease with which she could relieve herself anywhere, anytime. Finally, after what seemed like a little eternity Lilly's bladder was empty, and she stepped back a little looking at her puddle slowly flowing into the drain. Her fingers were a bit wet from the spray, but she didn't bother to wipe them off as she turned on the shower, the cold water hitting her skin like a slap.

“Too cold! Brrr!” her voice squeaked.

She gasped but quickly adjusted the temperature, letting the warm spray wash over her, mixing with the last drops of her pee. She watched as the water swirled down the drain, taking the evidence of her little escapade with it. Lisa giggled a bit, she had the water exactly right. They both washed themselves with an easy familiarity, the warm water sluicing over their bodies, rinsing away whatever lingered from the night before. Lilly's hand lingered over her breasts, her nipples tight from the cold and the thrill of her morning piss. Lisa's fingers traced the lines of her hips and stomach.

Outside the shower's entrance, Rachel and Jane emerged from the toilet, the latter still looking a bit flustered from their bathroom break. In the distance Emma and Lynn emerged.

Rachel, noticing their joined hands, couldn't help but grin.

"Looks like someone has a wonderful morning." she quipped, her eyes sparkling with mischief. Jane blushed, a faint hint of a smile playing on her lips. Emma and Lynn had just made their way over from the tent, their cheeks slightly flushed from their own secret.

Rachel's comment didn't go unnoticed.

"We're just friends!" Emma said quickly, she was still unsure herself, though she hoped she was wrong with these words. Lynn nodded in agreement, her eyes never leaving Emma's.

"Yeah, just friends." she echoed, her tone playfully innocent.

Rachel's smile grew wider, and she winked at them both.

"If that's what you want to call it." she said, her voice dripping with tease.

Jane's eyes darted between them, her smile growing more genuine. Despite Rachel's playful jab, she was genuinely happy to see her friends connecting.

"You guys are too cute." she said, her voice filled with affection.

The four of them entered the shower area, the sound of their laughter mingling with the spray of the water.

Lilly and Lisa looked up from their stalls, their bodies already lathered in soap. Rachel and Jane couldn't help but stare for a moment, the sight of their friends' naked forms was both strange and familiar, a throwback to their youthful days of skinny-dipping in the lake.

Jane's heart skipped a beat as she saw them and the state of the shower room. She had hoped for a little more privacy, but the sight of their carefree attitudes made her feel a bit foolish for worrying.

Rachel whispered in her ear. "You can handle this, remember last night?"

Jane nodded, her cheeks flushing at the memory of running around the campfire naked. It had been liberating, but that was different, the whiskey had loosened her inhibitions, the night had been filled with laughter and dares. Now, in the cold light of day, she felt a bit more self-conscious. But Rachel's words echoed in her mind, she could do this, she had done it before.

Taking a deep breath, Jane began to strip off her clothes. Her body was not as toned as Rachel's, nor as curvy as Lisa's, but it was hers, and she had nothing to be ashamed of. She stepped into the shower, the warm water cascading over her skin shortly after, washing away the last traces of whiskey and nerves. Rachel was right beside her, her own laughter ringing out as the water hit her face. As they all showered, Lilly looked at Emma and Lynn, who were trying to act nonchalant as they washed their own bodies. She had noticed the tension between them, the lingering glances, and the way their hands seemed to find each other every moment they were separated.

"Why don't you two shower together?" she called out, her voice teasing.

Jane was surprised over her burst of confidence to make that comment.

Emma and Lynn shared a look, their cheeks reddening a bit more than they would have liked. "We're just friends!" they said in unison, a little too quickly.

Rachel and Lisa exchanged knowing smirks, the kiss they had shared the night before was not the kind friends shared and what followed this morning was even less 'friendly'. But they played along, not wanting to spoil the fun.

"Yeah, right!" Rachel said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

"You never kissed us like you kissed each other.”

Their friends' laughter filled the shower room, bouncing off the tiles. Jane couldn't help but chuckle at their obvious attempt to hide their growing attraction. She knew it was none of her business, but she couldn't help feeling a bit excited for them. The bond between friends could be so strong, and sometimes it grew into something more. She watched as Rachel playfully squirted water at them, her eyes sparkling with mischief, then she noticed a mirror on the wall opposite the shower's, a bit misplaced she thought but it gave her a good viewing experience.

As the water warmed up, Rachel's body was on full display, and Jane couldn't help but admire her friend's physique. Rachel had always been the tomboyish one, and it showed. Her muscles were well-defined without being bulky, a testament to her years of hard working. Jane's gaze lingered on Rachel's breasts, which were a perfect good handful, with small, pert nipples that pointed straight ahead. Rachel's stomach was flat and her hips curving gently into her thighs. Rachel had the body of a woman who knew how to take care of herself, and it was hard not to be a little envious.

Lisa was in the adjacent stall, her maternal body a stark contrast to Rachel's. Her breasts were larger, with dark areolae that stood out against her warm skin tone. Her stomach had a softness to it that spoke of the life she had created, the stretch marks a proud badge of motherhood. Jane's eyes followed the trail of Lisa's pubic hair, thick and natural, and she couldn't help but feel a pang of curiosity. It had been so long since she had seen any of her friends naked, and the differences in their bodies were fascinating.

Jane's eyes wandered on to Lilly. Her red hair was plastered to her head, the water creating rivulets of red that flowed down her face and neck. Lilly's skin was pale, her freckles that adorned her breastline standing out like stars against the moon of her skin. Her body was a little softer than Rachel's, but it had a grace to it, a quiet strength that spoke of a life of comfort and love. Jane's gaze lingered on the strip of pubic hair that lay like a fiery trail above Lilly's slit.

Despite their vows to be just friend's Jane looked at Emma and Lynn as if they were a couple. Emma's body was sleek and toned, a testament to her regular runs and disciplined lifestyle. Her breasts were firm and medium-sized, with the palest pink areola, a stark contrast to Lynn's softer, more voluptuous figure, though she was still sporty. Lynn's skin glowed under the shower's spray, her natural pubic hair a stark contrast to Emma's shaved pubes.

Jane's eyes then drifted to herself, her own naked form reflected in the mirror. She had always been a bit self-conscious about her body, but as she looked at her own curves and the way the water glistened on her skin, she couldn't help but feel a sense of pride. Despite being the most petite of the group, she had her own allure. Her breasts were firm, her nipples a rosy pink that stood out against her paler skin. Her stomach was flat, but it was soft and inviting, a gentle slope that led to her hips.

Like Emma nothing hindered the view of her lower lips, that looked slightly puffy.

The sound of the showers shutting off one by one brought her back to reality. Rachel was the first to step out, her brown hair plastered to the back of her neck, the curls a bit straightened out, as she toweled off with vigor.

"Alright, let's get dressed and grab some breakfast." she said, her voice bouncing off the tiles.

All agreed that breakfast was a wonderful idea, as they ended their shower's. They threw on their simple clothes they had chosen for the walk to the shower and brushed their teeth before the whole group returned to the tent.

Emma's heart was racing as she approached the tent. The wet sleeping bag was a glaring secret that she hadn't quite figured out how to hide yet. She took a deep breath and tried to calm herself down, her hand shaking slightly as she unzipped the flap.

"I'm just gonna grab my wallet, I'll pay for breakfast at the cafe." she announced, hoping the urgency in her voice didn't give away her true intentions.

Her friends nodded, chatting among themselves about what they would order, none suspecting the real reason for her hasty retreat. She slipped inside, the scent of damp fabric hitting her as she carefully maneuvered around the sleeping bags. Her sleeping bag was still damp but the morning sun had worked wonders. It wasn't as wet as she had feared.

With a sigh of relief, she grabbed her wallet from her bag, her eyes darting to the wet spot that was slowly drying every once in a while. Lynn, who had been watching her from outside, slipped in too, her eyes sparkling with mirth.

"What's the rush, Em?" she whispered, her voice low enough that the others wouldn't hear.

Emma felt the blush creep up her neck, her cheeks burning as she whispered back.

"I just don't want them to see..." She gestured to the sleeping bag.

"I don't think they would say anything. Hell Lisa peed in the cooler this morning."Lynn said with a smirk, her voice just loud enough so Emma could hear her.

Emma's eyes widened at the reminder, and she couldn't help but chuckle.

"True, but it's different for me. I don't want them to think..." she trailed off, unsure of how to put her feelings into words.

Lynn stepped closer, as she threw the towels she carried to the laundry pile.

"They know we had a bit of a...moment. It's okay to enjoy it." she said, her eyes searching Emma's for understanding.

"Besides, I stand by it! It was hot."

Emma felt her cheeks burn at the memory. She had been so nervous about their secret.

The thing that she had done, something she never would have dreamed of, she had peed in her sleeping bag. But the reason was simple and utterly romantic, she hadn't wanted to let go of Lynn's hand. The warmth and comfort of Lynn's touch had been intoxicating, and the cold, hard reality of the morning was a stark contrast to the intimacy they had shared. In the chaos of her mind the word's from Lynn did not really click.

"I know." she said, her voice soft.

"It was just..." she took a deep breath.

"I didn't mean for it to happen." she was still a bit self-conscious about her deed.

Lynn reached out, her hand softly wandering along Emma's arm.

"But it did." she said, her voice gentle.

"And I liked it."

She leaned in, her lips finding Emma's in a soft, lingering kiss.

Emma melted into the embrace, her body responding instinctively to the warmth of Lynn's touch. The kiss grew deeper, their tongues tangling as they explored each other's mouths. The taste of mint toothpaste mingled with the faint scent of pee, a strange yet somewhat intoxicating mixture.

But maybe it was just the thrill of kissing Lynn that brought all her surroundings up a level.

Rachel and Lilly's playful teasing grew louder outside the tent, their laughter cutting through the intimate moment like a knife.

"You two lovebirds better hurry up!" Rachel called out. "We're all about to pass out from starvation here."

Lilly chimed in. "Yeah, come on, we've got a whole day of adventure ahead of us. You can save the making out for later."

Reluctantly, Emma pulled away, her cheeks still flushed with arousal.

Lynn grinned, a mischievous spark in her eye.

"I guess we'd better go, before they come in hm?" she murmured, her hand sliding down to give Emma's ass a gentle squeeze.

As they emerged from the tent, Rachel and Lilly couldn't hide their smirks.

"Just friends, huh?" Rachel said, her voice laden with sarcasm.

Lisa giggled, swatting playfully at the two of them.

"Just friend's!" Lynn exclaimed with feigned innocence, her eyes twinkling with a secret mischief as she held onto Emma's hand. The group rolled their eyes in unison, the playful banter lightening the air as they began the short walk to the campground's quaint little cafe.

The morning sun cast dappled patterns through the canopy of leaves above, painting the path with a warm, golden light. Their footsteps crunched softly on the gravel, a comforting rhythm that underscored their chatter. They were all still dressed in comfortable shorts and t-shirts, modest enough for public but cozy enough for comfort. Their shoes were well-worn but reliable, ready to tackle the trails ahead.

The cafe was a small and cozy, made to look like rustic cabin.

A wooden sign above the door swung gently in the breeze, creaking a welcome that was almost as warm as the smiles from the friendly staff inside. As the entered the scent of sizzling bacon and freshly brewed coffee wafted through the air, tantalizing their nostrils and making their stomachs growl in unison. The walls were adorned with old photographs of campers from decades past, their faces frozen in the timeless joy of shared adventures.

They settled into a round table by the window, the sun casting a warm glow across their faces as they perused the menu. It was rather late for breakfast but there were still enough patrons. The chatter of other campers and the clinking of silverware provided a comforting backdrop to their conversation.

"I can't believe we all slept so late." Rachel said, her voice tinged with amusement.

"But I guess we needed it after last night's shenanigans."

"Shenanigans?" Lisa giggled. "That's putting it mildly."

She glanced at Emma and Lynn, who were both blushing faintly. Their growing bond and affection was a badly kept secret to all of them. Jane also blushed, she was the only one who was fully naked while they played Truth or Dare and now with a sober mind she was a bit ashamed, not uncomfortable so though.

They ordered a feast of pancakes, eggs, and a mountain of crispy bacon, their stomachs rumbling in anticipation. The food arrived steaming hot, and they dug in with gusto, the flavors exploding on their tongues like a symphony of comfort. Thick and golden the syrup was the perfect complement to the fluffy pancakes. Perfectly cooked eggs, their yolk's richness blending with the crunch of the bacon brought a nice contrast. The coffee was strong and bitter, just the way Rachel liked it, and the juice was freshly squeezed, a delightful tang that made their taste buds dance.

After breakfast, they stayed for a moment longer, sipping another round of coffee and planning the day's adventure.

"We should do the hike to the viewpoint." Lisa suggested, her eyes sparkling with excitement, she was the one with the most outdoor experience, given her husband loved camping.

"It's supposed to be breathtaking."

They all agreed, the prospect of a picnic at the top of the hill with a stunning view too tempting to pass on. Provisions they brought plenty, so it was just a matter of packing up their backpacks and setting off.

As they returned to the tent, Lilly was the first to spot the still damp spot on the sleeping bag.

She raised an eyebrow and looked at Emma with a knowing smirk.

"Looks like someone had a bit of a wet dream, ey?" she said, her voice filled with mirth.

Rachel and Lisa burst into laughter, while Jane tried to look away, without much success.

Emma felt her face heat up, her eyes darting to the sleeping bag and then back to Lilly.

"It's...it's just water!" she stammered, trying to play it cool.

Lynn stepped in, wrapping an arm around Emma's waist and pulling her close.

"Yeah, I accidentally spilled my water bottle. Nothing suspicious." she said, her eyes sparkling with amusement.

Lisa and Rachel exchanged a knowing look, but kept their mouth's shut. They had noticed the atmosphere between the two of them, and while they didn't know the details, they could guess that there was more to the story than just a spilled water bottle.

"Oh, a friendship drink, huh?" Lilly said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

"Well, in that case, we should all have one. You gonna share right?" The whole tent erupted in laughter. Rachel and Lisa couldn't help but snicker at the absurdity of the situation, their eyes sparkling with mischief.

Lynn nodded, playing along.

"Yeah, you wish, but sadly, as you see, we spilled everything there was." she said, her grin growing wider as she squeezed Emma's waist. The giggles grew louder, and Emma couldn't help but join in, feeling a little bit better about the awkwardness of the situation.

"How long do you two plan on keeping this friendship charade going?" Lisa asked, her voice a mix of amusement and impatience.

Emma and Lynn exchanged a look, the sly grin on both their faces growing.

"As long as it keeps you all entertained." Lynn replied with a wink.

Rachel, Lilly and Lisa shook their heads in a mix of disbelief and amusement, but if that was the story Emma and Lynn wanted to stick to, they were content to let them. After all, the bond between friends was sacred, and if it had evolved into something more, it was their business.

Jane observed the exchange with a knowing smile. She had seen the way Emma and Lynn's eyes had lingered on each other's bodies that morning, and the way their hands had found each other's in the shower. They were trying to hide their feelings, but it was as clear as water. She couldn't blame them though, admitting to a mutual attraction could be terrifying, especially in a group as close as theirs.

They changed into more fitting clothes for wandering, though that meant mostly the same sort of clothes but a bit more robust than what they had chosen for their walk to the showers.

So they still wore shirt's and shorts in various lengths. As they set out on the hike, the width of the trail allowed them to walk side by side most of the time, their laughter echoing through the woods like a melody of old friends rediscovering each other. Emma and Lynn had their hands together again, the occasional tease about their "friendship" was met with playful banter, the kind that could only come from a group who knew each other's buttons to push.

Rachel led the way, her powerful stride setting a comfortable pace for the rest to follow.

Emma felt the warmth of the sun on her skin as they hiked, her hand clasped in Lynn's. They all looked rather stunning in their hiking outfits: Rachel a bit more boyish, yet not as much as back in the day's, Lisa had a bit longer shorts that ended shortly above her knees, Lilly in a pair of shorts that showed off her toned legs, and Jane in a simple t-shirt and shorts that hugged her in all the right places. Despite the ease of the trail, the anticipation of what might happen between her and Lynn had her heart racing faster than the cardio workouts she did to keep her figure. And she had to admit, Lynn looked rather alluring in her shorts that ended mid-thigh and a t-shirt that was rather tight.

They walked along, sometimes stopping to take in the environment. But Emma and Lynn let themselves fall a bit back.

"So, what do you think we are?" Lynn finally asked, her voice low enough that only Emma could hear.

Emma's heart skipped a beat. She had been avoiding this conversation, unsure of what to say.

"I don't know, honestly." she admitted, her voice a whisper back to Lynn.

"But I do know that I don't want to let go of your hand."

Lynn squeezed her hand tighter.

"Don't I know that." she smiled, hinting at Emma's impromptu bathroom break in her sleeping bag, just so she could keep holding her hand.

"But shall I remind you I also took your hand again?"

Emma felt the heat rising in her cheeks, she remembered that Lynn told her that she did go outside to pee, and returned....and took her hand again.

"You think it's just a phase? I had a long dry-spell...and your divorce..." Emma asked her.

Lynn's eyes searched Emma's, the greenery of the woods around them seemed to fade away.

"I don't know, but I do know that holding your hand feels right. And wonderful." she replied, her voice steady but with a hint of uncertainty.

Jane and Rachel watched from ahead, Rachel giving Jane a knowing look as she saw the intimate gesture.

Rachel whispered. "They're definitely not just friends."

Jane nodded, a soft smile playing on her lips.

"It's sweet, really. They're finding something special in each other."

Their conversation was interrupted by the sudden sound of Lilly's laughter, her voice rising in song. "Summer lovin', had me a blast!" she crooned, her eyes twinkling with mischief.

Rachel and Lisa looked at each other, then back at the two of them, before joining in.

"Summer lovin', happened so fast."

Emma and Lynn couldn't help but laugh, the tension between them momentarily vanishing. They knew the song well, a classic from their youth, and despite the teasing undertone, they felt their hearts swell with warmth at the shared camaraderie. With a dramatic roll of her eyes, Emma began to sing her part, her voice blending with the chorus of their friends.

"Summer days, drifting away, to uh oh those summer nights."

Lynn's rich laughter spilled out as she sang.

"Tell me more! Tell me more!" her voice dripping with playful seduction as she looked in Emma's eyes. The trail was forgotten as they all fell into the rhythm of the song, their voices echoing through the trees. Rachel and Lisa harmonized, their laughter punctuating the lyrics as they danced along the path. Even Jane joined in, if a bit softer then the others.

Other hikers passed them by, glancing at the group with amusement and puzzlement. One couple paused, watching the six friends belt out the tune with such enthusiasm. The man looked at his wife and shrugged, whispering something that made her giggle before they moved on, leaving the friends to their private concert.

As the final notes of "Summer Nights" trailed off into the forest, Rachel clapped her hands together. "Alright, that's enough theatrics." she said with a grin. "Let's get back to reality."

But reality was already shifting for Emma and Lynn. With their friends' knowing looks and the weight of the shared moment, they turned to each other, the question in their eyes now unspoken. Without a word, their heads tilted, and their lips met in a kiss that was tender and hungry all at once. Rachel and Lilly whooped with delight, while Lisa clapped her hands, a wide smile spreading across her face. Jane watched, her heart swelling with happiness for her friends.

The kiss was deep and lingering, a promise of more to come. Their hands slid around each other's waists, pulling them closer until their bodies were pressed together. The scent of Lynn's shampoo, the taste of the bacon on Emma's tongue, the feel of the sun-kissed skin touching, everything was intoxicating. The applause from their friends grew louder, turning into cheers and whistles.

They broke apart, both a little dizzy, and Emma's eyes searched Lynn's for any sign of regret. But all she found was the same fierce passion reflected back at her.

"Okay!" she murmured. "Let's do this!"

"So, are we done with the just friend's thing?" Lilly asked with a cheeky smile, her eyes twinkling with mischief. The others were grinning like Cheshire cats.

"I have not the slightest hint what you mean. We are just friend's, it's easy to see." Lynn said with a wink, her voice dripping with feigned innocence.

Rachel, Jane and Lisa couldn't help but snicker, knowing full well the truth hidden beneath their playful facade.

Suddenly, Lisa interrupted their moment with a soft groan.

"Girls, I hate to break this up, but I gotta go!" she said, her hand hovering over her stomach.

Rachel raised an eyebrow in confusion, they had only just begun their hike.

"Again?" Rachel asked, her voice a mix of amusement and concern.

"You know the drill." Lisa replied with a sheepish smile. "Forgot the pads, can't take any chances, I feel it I go. I pee my pants in front of you all anytime but with stranger's I rather not."

They all laughed at that bold declaration.

"Is that so? I'm looking forward to test you on it." Lilly said, her eyes twinkling with humor.

Rachel and the others nodded in agreement, smiling broadly at Lisa.

The sound of their laughter, genuine and free, rolled through the forest, bouncing off the trees.

It was a laughter of acceptance and camaraderie, not malice or embarrassment. They had seen each other through everything over the years, from schoolyard scrapes to first loves and heartbreaks.

A little bladder control issue was nothing in the grand scheme of their friendship.

Lisa took a few steps off the trail, her eyes scanning the underbrush for a suitable spot. She knew her friends had her back, they always did. Rachel and Lilly took up positions on either side of the path, playing lookout while Emma and Jane leaned against a tree, their arms around each other, lost in their own little world. Rachel whispered something to Jane, who giggled, glancing back at the couple before looking away shyly.

Lisa found the perfect spot, a ring of mushrooms, she couldn't help but giggle at the sight. They were indeed a stark white, almost too perfect in their toilet-bowl resemblance. She approached with a sense of playfulness that she hadn't felt in a long time. It was strange, this feeling of liberation amidst friends who knew her so well. With a cheeky grin, she pulled down her pants and underwear, baring her natural beauty to the world. The anticipation of the relief to come was almost palpable. She hovered over the fungi ring, the soft earth giving way beneath her feet. Then, she let go.

The stream of her urine was a golden arc that splashed into the center of the mushroom circle.

An oddly satisfying sound erupted as the liquid pattered against the forest floor.

The pee hung briefly in her pubic hair, the delicate strands fluttering in the gentle waterfall of her own making. It was a mesmerizing sight, a bit strange but still soothing in a way.

The mushrooms absorbed the liquid with an eagerness that seemed almost greedy, their caps shimmering with the soft golden remnants of her relief. A little trickle escaped the rest of the stream though it was strong, but she did not care. Playfully she aimed at the mushrooms as good as she could. The way the liquid hit the nature and the smell of it mixing with the fresh scent of the forest was oddly comforting. Rachel and Lilly whispered and giggled as they kept watch, their eyes occasionally darting to the couple embracing by the tree.

As the flow subsided, the mushroom ring glittered a bit in the sunlight that reached down.

Lisa did not care to wipe, feeling a bit naughty but mostly just relieved. The giggles of her friends and the gentle rustling of the wind in the leaves above seemed to approve of her decision.

When Lisa emerged from the underbrush, she couldn't help but strut back towards them, her cheeks flushed with more than just the exertion of the hike.

"Well, that was an interesting bathroom break." she said, thinking with humor about the mushrooms.

Rachel and Lilly pretended to be scandalized, their eyes widening in mock horror.

"You do know that we could all see you, right?" Rachel teased, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

"I mean, you did not really hid yourself there."

Lisa just shrugged, a grin playing on her lips.

"Hey, when you gotta go, you gotta go." she said, her voice breezy.

"Besides, it's not like it's the first time we've all seen each other in less than ideal circumstances."

The group erupted in laughter, it was true, they were so tight knit back in the days that they knew all about each other. It was a testament to their friendship that they could still find humor in the most intimate of moments.

But they still had a goal to reach and so they moved on.

Lilly couldn't help herself, she sneaked up to them, her eyes gleaming with playful mischief. "C'mon, lovebirds!" she sang out, nudging them gently. "Or should I say 'friends'?"

Emma and Lynn shot her a look that was part annoyance, part affection.

"You love this right?" Emma said, but the smile tugging at the corners of her mouth gave her away.

Lynn leaned into Emma, their shoulders bumping playfully.

"We're just friends." she said, her voice a purr of amusement. "Good friends who happen to enjoy a little... cuddling."

“Right....cuddling...well, then cuddle along.” Lilly grinned as she playfully smacked their bottoms.

The group's laughter grew louder as they both, with theatrically motions ran away from Lilly.

"Alright, alright. You clowns!" Rachel said, her voice filled with a good-natured chuckle.

"Let's get back to the hike. The viewpoint isn't coming to us."

Emma felt Lynn's hand squeeze hers as they walked on, a silent acknowledgment of their shared bond. They picked up their pace, the path underfoot growing a little steeper, but still manageable. Rachel's legs, muscled from years of manual labor in her bakery, powered her forward with an ease that made even Emma feel a twinge of envy.

Despite their differences in fitness levels, they all moved together, nobody was willing to leave a friend behind. The conversation flowed as easily as the trail ahead, each woman sharing stories of their children and spouses, their careers, and the mundane details of their lives that had filled the ten years apart.

Lilly spoke of her son's latest soccer triumphs, her voice filled with pride. Rachel shared the trials and tribulations of running her own business, her hands animated as she described the perfect sourdough starter. Lisa spoke fondly of her children, her words tinged with the exhaustion that only a mother of two could understand. Jane talked about her recent promotion at work, and her voice filled with excitement as she spoke of the challenges ahead.

As they reached their destination the view took their collective breath away. They had the lake sprawled out below them, a shimmering jewel nestled in the embrace of the valley. The water was a serene blue-green, the surface only occasionally disturbed by the ripples of a passing boat or the dive of a curious water bird. The distant mountains loomed over them, their peaks kissing the sky.

They set down their packs, the sound of zippers and rustling fabric echoing through the quiet.

Rachel pulled out a checkered blanket that she had brought along, a relic of their many adventures from the past. It had seen better days, with a few stains and patches, but it was as much a part of their group as they themselves.

"Is that what I think it is?" Lisa looked at the blanket in awe.

Rachel nodded, her mind filled with nostalgia.

"It's seen better days, but it's still got some life left in it."

Lilly was astonished.

"Wow....you know, that almost get me a little teary eyed." she said with a smirk.

Rachel chuckled and handed her a sandwich.

"Don't get too emotional, you're going to make me cry too." Rachel replied.

All stared at the blanket, it was old, quite possibly older than them and it was a companion on many of their adventures, and Rachel still held on to it. It had seen a lot, Rachel thought to herself, it had seen the beginnings and endings, the tears and the laughter, it was a silent witness to their friendship. Rachel spread it out with care, noticing how the fabric had softened over time, like a well-worn pair of jeans that fit perfectly. The familiar creases and stains brought a comforting smile to her face, as if each one was a memory etched into the very fabric of their lives.

They all sat down, their legs stretching out in front of them, the coolness of the grass a welcome respite from the warmth of the hike. Rachel pulled out more sandwiches, chips, and fruit, all carefully packed to prevent any bruising. The smell of the fresh bread and the faint scent of mayo wafted through the air, making their stomachs growl in unison. Rachel looked around at her friends, a sense of contentment settling over her as she handed out their lunches.

The chatter grew as they bit into their sandwiches, the juicy tomatoes squishing between the bread, the crunch of the crispy bacon echoing through their small gathering. The sound of chewing and the occasional sigh of satisfaction filled the space around them. They talked about the old days, reminiscing about the pranks they had pulled and the boys they had crushed on. The stories grew more outrageous with each telling, their laughter bouncing off the trees and mixing with the distant calls of the birds.

But amidst the nostalgia, Lilly's bladder grew increasingly impatient. She had been sipping on water throughout the hike, and now she felt the urgent need to relieve herself. She glanced around, her eyes landing on a small building in the distance. A toilet house, solitary and inconspicuous, beckoned to her with its promise of privacy. She couldn't hold it in much longer.

"Okay girls, gotta go take a piss." she said standing up.

"Wait, I'll come with you." Rachel said, getting to her feet. "I could use a pit stop too."

She hurried, noticing Lilly's impatience.

They made their way down the gentle slope, the little toilet house growing larger with each step. It was a simple, unassuming building, painted a fading shade of blue with a few blemishes here and there. The path was lined with wildflowers, their vibrant colors a stark contrast to the relative starkness of the outhouse. As they reached the door, Rachel took a deep breath, preparing herself for the inevitable assault on her nostrils. Lilly's hand hovered over the wooden handle, and Rachel gave her an encouraging nod. With a grimace, Lilly pulled the door open, and the stench hit them like a wall. It was a foul cocktail of stale urine, decaying feces, and something else, something that neither of them could quite place. Rachel's stomach lurched, her hand flying to her mouth to stifle a gag.

"Oh fuck no! Rachel, I am not setting foot in that shit-hole!" Lilly exclaimed, her voice echoing across the serene landscape.

Rachel couldn't argue, the floor was indeed wet, and the puddles were definitely not the result of a spilled water bottle. They both took a step back, the stench threaten to cling to their clothes.

"Looks like we're not going in." Rachel said, her voice muffled by her hand.

She couldn't help but feel a twinge of disappointment. The bathroom at the campground had been clean, a small bastion of civilization in the great outdoors. But here, in the middle of their hike, they were faced with something entirely different.

They both retreated back the way they came, their faces twisted in disgust and their eyes watering slightly. Rachel took a deep breath and chuckled through her nose.

"Well, that's one way to ruin a picturesque moment." she quipped, her attempt at humor not quite covering the revulsion.

Lilly nodded, her hand still over her mouth.

"I can't believe they expect people to use that." she said, her voice muffled by her hand.

Rachel nodded in agreement.

They returned to the group, who were busy passing around a bag of chips and chatting about the view. Jane looked up at their approach, her eyes questioning.

"Everything okay? That was fast." she asked, noticing their expressions.

"Yeah." Rachel said, her voice still nasal from holding her breath. "The toilets are a bit...rustic."

Lisa and Lynn exchanged a knowing glance, their eyebrows raising in unison.

"Rustic, huh?" Lisa said, her tone teasing.

Rachel nodded, trying to keep a straight face.

"Let's just say I'll be holding it until we get back to the camping ground." Rachel said, her voice filled with a humor.

Emma looked concerned.

“You okay, Rachel?" she asked, reaching out to pat Rachel's shoulder.

Rachel nodded, a smile playing on her lips despite the situation.

"I'm good. I didn't have to go that badly."

"Well, I won't wait! And I will not let a dirty toilet stand between me and my relief!" Lilly exclaimed with a determined look in her eyes.

She turned away from the group, her gaze scanning the perimeter for a suitable bush to hide behind. Her bladder was full, not painfully but enough to not be ignored. The others nodded, understanding the urgency without the need for words. They watched her go, their eyes following her until she was out of sight. Then, they turned their attention back to the lake view, munching on their sandwiches and continuing their reminiscing.

Lilly picked her way through the underbrush, her eyes searching for the perfect spot. She knew from experience that it had to be far enough from the trail that no one would accidentally wander by, but also close enough that she could make a quick retreat if needed. The tree she chose was sturdy, its rough bark biting into her skin a bit as she leaned against it for balance. She pulled down her shorts and panties, letting them rest on her mid-thighs. The coolness of the forest air kissed her bare skin, sending a shiver of excitement up her spine. With a deep breath, she spread her legs in a high squat, her feet firmly planted on the ground.

The relief was immediate. Her pee streamed out, a clear line of liquid that parted her lips before splattering on the earth below. The sound of it hitting the ground was oddly rhythmic, a gentle tune that only she could hear. It was as if nature itself was applauding her decision to give in to her body's needs. She watched as a few stray drops danced in the air before landing on her shoes.

The feeling of the warm liquid against her skin was comforting, one reason why she always chose a high squat. The smell of the forest melded with the scent of her urine, creating a potent bouquet that was pleasant to her. The droplets on her calves sparkled in the sunlight, a glittering path that led back to her thighs.

After a few moments, her flow slowed to a trickle. She took a deep breath, savoring the feeling of her bladder now empty and content. A last spurt escaped as she squeezed her thighs together, a final moment of bliss.

Carefully, she pulled a tissue from the pocket of her shorts, starting with wiping her lower lips, almost a little to gentle and a small sigh escaped her mouth, then she wiped her calves of any remaining droplets, her skin feeling cool and refreshed under the soft paper. She balled up the used tissue and tucked it into her back pocket, she never left her trash behind.

Lilly's face was flushed, not from embarrassment but from the exhilaration of the moment.

She felt alive, loving the feeling of relief.

She pulled her underwear and shorts back into place, smoothing out the fabric with a practiced ease. Standing up straight, she took a moment to appreciate the view, the tree line stretching out before her, the whisper of the breeze playing with her hair. Then, she turned and made her way back to the group, her steps lighter and more relaxed than before.

As she approached, Rachel looked up, a question in her eyes.

"You okay?" she asked.

"Better than okay!" Lilly said, a wry smile playing on her lips.

"I found a perfect spot. It's all yours if you want it."

“I'll manage." she said, patting her own bladder gently. "But thanks for the offer."

Lilly shrugged and sat back down, her legs crossing casually.

"Your loss." she said, popping a grape into her mouth.

Rachel's gaze lingered on the spot where Lilly had disappeared into the trees. She knew her friend had found relief, and a part of her felt the tug of jealousy. But she was far away from her limit so she just held it in, enjoying the feeling of growing need. Rachel had always been one to push herself, even in the most mundane of bodily functions. It was a strange thrill, a silent challenge she had set for herself.

Meanwhile, Jane's situation grew more precarious with every passing minute. She shifted uncomfortably on the blanket, her eyes darting around the group, hoping no one would notice her plight. Her bladder was sending her distress signals, a persistent and growing pressure that she had been trying to ignore. Her hands fidgeted in her lap, her legs crossing and uncrossing as she searched for a comfortable position. But there was none to be found. The tightness grew, the need more demanding with each passing moment.

Lisa, ever perceptive, leaned over, her voice low and concerned.

"Jane, do you need to go pee?" she whispered, her eyes searching Jane's.

Jane's cheeks flushed, and she felt a wave of shyness wash over her. It was like they were back in school again, and she was the one who hadn't quite figured out the bathroom routine.

"No, I'm okay." Jane replied, her voice small and unconvincing.

But Lisa knew better. She had seen that look before, the one that screamed 'please save me' without uttering a word. She placed a hand gently on Jane's arm, her touch firm but reassuring.

"You don't have to be shy.” Lisa said, her tone more insistent this time.

"We've all been there. If you need to go, just tell us."

Jane looked into Lisa's eyes, and for a moment, she was lost in their warmth and understanding.

She felt a strange sense of comfort, a feeling of being cared for that she hadn't experienced in years. Her resolve crumbled, and she nodded, her eyes wide and a little scared.

"I do." she admitted, her voice filled with a little urgency. "I really have to go."

Lisa stood up, holding her hand out to Jane.

"Come, let's go then." Jane nodded and took Lisa's hand as she stood up.

Lilly noticed the distress in Jane's eyes and smirked, knowing all too well the feeling.

"You know that spot I used a few minutes ago?" she whispered, leaning in closer.

Jane nodded, her curiosity piqued.

"It's perfect for when you really need some privacy." Lilly continued, her voice lower so only they could hear.

"Much better than what you had to do last night at the campfire."

The memory of the awkward moment rushed back to Jane, and she felt a blush spread across her cheeks.

"But how did you...?"

"We had a bit to drink, but we where not that drunk! Also we are not blind, well except those two bozo's maybe!" Lilly said with a laugh, pointing to Emma and Lynn.

"But we didn't say anything because, well, we figured you needed the support." Rachel smiled.

Jane felt a mix of embarrassment and relief. It was comforting to know that her friends had noticed and chosen to be discreet, but the thought of them all knowing she had to pee in front of the fire last night made her cheeks burn even hotter.

Lisa send a stern look towards Rachel and Lilly, but it was clear that there was no real anger behind it.

"Girls!" she said in a firm but playful tone. "Sometimes, it's best to keep some things to ourselves." Rachel and Lilly exchange a knowing glance, smiles playing on their lips.

Lisa turned to Jane, whose blush had deepened.

"Come on." she said gently, taking Jane's hand and tugging her to her feet.

"We're going to find that spot Lilly talked about."

Jane felt the comfort of Lisa's firm grip as they made their way through the underbrush.

The memory of those countless times when one of them had taken her hand and led her into the next adventure washed over her. It was a simple gesture that had always meant she wasn't alone, that she was part of something bigger.

Now, as an adult, it brought back a rush of nostalgia and a surprising sense of comfort. It was rather funny as she thought about it, at home she had it all figured out. Sure, she loved when her husband pampered her but who wouldn't? She was her daughter's rock if she needed one. And in her job she ordered people around with a stern look and a sharp tongue when needed. But here, in the forest, with her old friends, she was the young shy girl again, getting dragged along by the very same people who had once taught her to stand up for herself. And she actually liked it.

When they reached the tree that Lilly had pointed out, Lisa released Jane's hand, giving her a knowing look.

"You know how it works." she said with a wink.

As Jane looked around, the reality of the situation set in. The tree was just a tree, and she was just a woman with an overfull bladder.

"Lisa, can you... help me like yesterday?" Jane asked, her voice tentative.

Lisa's eyes widened in surprise.

"You're not serious, right?" She couldn't believe what she was hearing.

Jane, the woman who had faced boardrooms with the confidence of a lioness, was asking for the same treatment she had given her own children.

"Well, not really." Jane admitted, her cheeks still aflame. "But it did help a lot when you talked to me and... stroked my back." Her voice was barely a whisper, and she couldn't quite meet Lisa's gaze.

Lisa chuckled, the absurdity of the situation not lost on her.

"Okay, okay." she said, her voice softening. "But only because we're friends and because I know you're just joking... mostly."

Jane nodded, a small smile playing on her lips as she took a deep breath. She positioned herself in front of the tree, her back to the trunk. With trembling hands, she pulled down her pants and panties, letting them pool around her ankles. She took a deep breath, feeling the coolness of the air against her bare skin, a fern brushing against her calves.

Lisa squatted down beside her, her eyes focused on a spot just beyond the tree line. She didn't want to make eye contact, to spare Jane the embarrassment. Instead, she laid her hand on Jane's back, her palm warm and reassuring.

"Take your time." she murmured, her voice low and soothing. "Just let it go."

Jane's cheeks burned, but she felt the tension in her body begin to melt away. Lisa's touch was surprisingly comforting, a gentle reminder that she wasn't alone. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, feeling the pressure in her bladder build. And then, with a sound that was almost a sigh of relief, the pee began to flow. At first, it was just a dribble, a reluctant little stream that spattered against the ground. But as the seconds ticked by, the flow grew stronger, more insistent.

Jane felt the muscles in her pelvis relax, the warmth spreading between her legs as the liquid arced outward, splashing against the ground with a sound that seemed far too loud in her mind.

The spray was a little wider than she had anticipated, and she felt a drop land on her shoe.

But she did not care much, Lisa had lived through worse.

Lisa continued to whisper words of encouragement, her hand rubbing gentle circles on Jane's back. The gesture was soothing, and it helped Jane to feel more free to relax.

The warmth of the sun on her bare skin, the rustle of the leaves above, and the gentle pressure of Lisa's hand all combined to form a perfect tableau of friendship and nature.

And as the flow grew weaker, as her bladder emptied, she felt a warmth spread through her that had nothing to do with the sun on her skin.

"You're all done?" Lisa said, her voice still gentle but with a hint of amusement.

"Now, I'm not going to wipe you is that clear? Unless you want me to go full mom-mode and get the diapers out."

Jane giggled, the sound echoing through the little clearing. The idea, while absurd, sent a thrill through her. But she knew it was just a playful tease. She was a grown woman, after all, a successful one at that.

"No thanks, no diapers today." she said, a bit too happy, the thought lingering just a second too long in her mind. She forcefully pushed it away, focusing on the warm hand on her back.

They both stood up, and Jane turned to face her friend. Lisa was smiling at her, the teasing light in her eyes.

"You know." Jane said. "It's silly, but having you take care of me like that...it feels really good."

"Well." Lisa said, her expression softening. "we've all got our peculiarities, right?" She stepped closer, her hand moving to Jane's shoulder.

"And if that's what you need, I'm happy to help. From time to time." She said with a wink.

Jane felt a sudden rush of affection for Lisa, for her understanding, and for her friendship.

She leaned into the touch, closing her eyes briefly.

"Thank you." she murmured. "I don't know what I'd do without you girls."

"You'd probably just pee in the bushes like we all do. Just with a bit more start up time." Lisa said with a laugh, and Jane couldn't help but laugh with her. It was true, she had done it before. But there was something about this moment, about being cared for in such a basic way that made it feel special.

"Since I'm already here. I might go as well." Lisa smiled as she pulled her pants down, revealing her natural growth of hair. The stark contrast of Lisa's natural bush against the backdrop of Jane's shaved mound intrigued her once again. She wasn't gay, never had felt any inclination in that direction, but she couldn't help but feel a fascination with the way Lisa's body functioned so effortlessly in this setting. It was a stark reminder of the differences between them, and yet, it was oddly mesmerizing.

Lisa began to pee, her stream strong and sure. A few droplets ricocheted off Jane's puddle, creating little ripples that spread through the clearing. It was a strange dance, a ballet of bodily functions that somehow felt both intimate and wholly natural. Jane's eyes lingered, watching as Lisa's urine soaked into the hair around her lips, acting as a sort of dam, keeping the flow more orderly.

The sight of Lisa's pee interacting with her own was oddly interesting.

As Lisa's pee slowed to a trickle, Jane couldn't help but feel a twinge of something she couldn't quite put her finger on. It wasn't attraction, not in the traditional sense.

Jane believed it had to do with the care she just got from Lisa, the feeling of being held by a warm embrace, even if it was just in words and a gentle touch on the back.

Lisa didn't even bother to wipe, her panties sticking slightly to her skin as she pulled them back up. Jane watched, feeling a pang of envy. It was something she had never quite mastered, this nonchalance when it came to bodily functions. But she knew Lisa had her own battles, her own moments of mortification that came from the occasional squirt that got away.

Lisa had always been more in tune with her body, more comfortable with it's whims and needs. Jane, on the other hand, had spent years in the corporate world, where such things were best kept private, hidden away beneath layers of tailored suits and perfectly applied makeup. But here, in the wilderness, with her oldest friends, she felt a strange freedom, a liberation from the constraints of adulthood.

"I'm kinda envious...." Jane murmured more to herself than Lisa, she always had to coax her bladder to release, even when the pressure was almost hurting.

Yet Lisa catched the little murmur, smiling to Jane.

"Envious of me? I hope not of my peeing habits." Lisa said with a laugh, breaking the quiet.

She punched Jane playfully in the arm.

"You know I've had more than a few 'oops' moments with the whole peeing thing."

Jane nodded.

"Still, I always need five minutes just to start peeing, and half the time I end up not going at all because it feels weird with other people around." she said with a sigh.

Lisa shrugged.

"Mine has had its share of surprises too, especially after the kids." She patted her crotch lightly, the fabric of her pants dry this time.

"But hey, at least you don't have to worry about an accidental pee shower when you laugh too hard."

They both laughed, the sound echoing through the trees. Maybe it was a strange thing to find humor in, but it was their shared history, their shared understanding of each other's flaws and foibles that made it so funny. They had seen each other at their worst and their best, and somehow, it all just made them closer. And that close bond was still strong as ever.

They made their way back to the picnic spot, their conversation turning to the past. Jane talked about her early years in the corporate world, the constant pressure to perform and the lack of bathroom breaks. Lisa nodded along, sharing her own stories of midnight feedings and diaper changes, her bladder's newfound tendency to betray her.

Upon returning they found the rest of the group in a lively conversation, the laughter and chatter filling the area of the view point. Rachel was mid-story, her animated gestures making her look like she was conducting an orchestra. Lynn and Emma sat close together, their hands entwined, their eyes sparkling with the excitement of their newfound love. It was a sight that brought a smile to both Jane and Lisa's faces.

The way Lynn looked at Emma, it was like they were teenagers again, discovering the electric thrill of a first kiss behind the school bleachers. They sat with a familiarity that spoke of years of friendship and now, something more. Rachel was in the middle of a story that had everyone leaning in, even Lilly's sassy comments took a backseat. It was as if time had rolled back and they were all sitting around in the backyard sharing secrets under the stars.

As time moved on so did the conversation and so naturally too, each of them sharing snippets of their lives that had been missed in the decade since they had last seen each other. Emma was humoring the others with stories of outrageous cases she had seen, of course without breaking anything confidential to them, too many witnesses she claimed with a wink. Lilly spoke of her life as a stay-at-home mom, the joy and the chaos, the love and the frustration that came with raising a son who inherited his mothers worst character traits. Lynn had mostly office gossip but that was because her Excel-skills weren't that interesting to the other's and she really did not want to talk about her divorce. As they talked and laughed, they realized that even though life had taken them in different directions, they were still the same people they had been. They had grown, they had changed, but the essence of who they were remained untouched by the years.

They had all faced their own battles, but here, in the embrace of the woods, they were just six friends sharing their lives like they did in the past. They had come to the realization that despite the distance of time and geography, they could always find their way back to each other.

Jane and Lisa sat back down, joining the conversation but a few minutes later Emma looked up, curiosity and a hint of mischief in her eyes.

"So, where's this 'legendary' pee spot?" she asked, her voice trying it's best to sound epic.

Lilly, Lisa and Jane explained it to her, and Emma's eyes lit up with more excitement than necessary, her normal life was filled with files nowadays so a little peeing in the woods set her strangely on fire.

"Alright." she said, her voice filled with mock anticipation. "I'm going to check it out."

Without another word, Emma stood up, her movements swift as always, and headed into the woods. Lynn watched her go, a knowing smile playing on her lips. She knew what was coming next. Before anyone could say anything, she was on her feet, her hand shooting up.

"Wait for me!" she called, and took off after Emma.

"Can't you have a moment without each other?" Lilly called out with a laugh as Lynn bolted after Emma.

Lynn smiled back.

"Don't you know, women pee in packs!" she shouted over her shoulder.

"If you two don't come back in five, I'm coming for you with the water bottle." Lilly called after them, her laughter ringing through the campground.

Emma and Lynn disappeared into the foliage, the sound of their laughter fading as the forest swallowed them whole. Rachel felt a twinge of something in her bladder, a gentle reminder that she too would need to relieve herself some time in the future. But she didn't move, not yet. She liked the feeling, the anticipation, the way it made her feel all giddy.

Lynn had conquered Emma's hand again as they walked the short distance through the woods.

"Hey Em, wanna risk Lilly's wrath by making out?" Lynn teased, her eyes sparkling with mischief as they approached the secluded pee spot, their intertwined fingers swinging between them.

Emma giggled, the sound as light as the dappled sunlight that filtered through the leaves above.

"As tempting as that sounds, I would not be able to keep my pants dry."

"Oh I would hope that you don't stay dry when we make out." Lynn said, her smile turning seductive.

Emma had overseen the innuendo in her words, but Lynn rarely missed such things.

Also, she remembered how Emma peed in her sleeping bag that morning and that made her wet to be honest. It was something she hadn't told anyone yet. But it was a naughty little secret she held close to her heart or more fitting another place deeper on her body.

"Lynn! I meant I might pee if I get too excited and wait any longer!" Emma said, her cheeks flushing a deeper shade of pink.

But Lynn's teasing had already set the scene, and Emma couldn't help but feel a thrill of anticipation as she started to squat down, the muscles in her thighs flexing as she lowered herself.

Her shorts and panties slid down her legs stopping at her knees. She looked over at Lynn, who was doing the same, her eyes locked on Emma's. There was a certain mood in it as they took their positions opposite of each other, it was less planned and more like a natural acknowledgment between the two. Without actual will both women's eyes wandered down, drawn to the place where their legs parted. The sight was unexpectedly exciting. Lynn's plump pink labia were nestled in a well groomed sea of pubic hair, a stark contrast to the pale, hairless mound of Emma.

Both seem to wait for the other to begin or maybe they just wanted to soak in the view a bit longer.

But then Emma's stream started first, a forceful stream that painted the earth a darker shade of brown where it landed. It was as if a faucet had been turned on full blast, the sound of the liquid formed a raging hissing as it left her lower lips. Lynn watched with fascination, noticing the power of Emma's need. Lynn's own bladder felt heavy, the pressure building as she watched Emma's relief. She felt a liquid between her own lips that was definitely not pee, a testament to her body's response to the intimate moment. She took a deep breath, willing herself to start finally. And then her own stream began, a slightly less forceful but no less satisfying flow.

Their eyes met again for a short moment before she looked down again, this time Lynn's gaze lingered on Emma's sex. She saw the way the pee glistened on her folds, the way the skin looked so soft and inviting. It was a stark contrast to her own, and she couldn't help the sudden urge to reach out, to touch, to taste. Her tongue slipped out of her mouth, just for a second, licking her lips.

She didn't mean for it to be so obvious and plump, but Emma noticed.

"Lynn? Did you just lick your lips while staring at my pussy peeing?" she asked.

Lynn's cheeks burned hotter than the campfire they had sat around the night before.

"I... I just... It's just so... I didn't mean to stare." she stammers out, her heart racing in her chest.

She had never been caught in a moment like this before, and she didn't know what to say.

Emma looked at her, her eyes searching Lynn's face.

"What is it? What are you thinking?" she asked gently and filled with a curiosity to learn more about the woman she more and more saw as her partner.

Lynn took a deep breath, the scent of their mixed release penetrated her thought's and heightened her arousal.

"I... I just thought... I mean, it's just..." she trailed off, unsure of how to voice her thoughts without sounding weird.

"You can tell me anything!" Emma reassured her, her voice soft and understanding.

"I won't judge you, I promise."

With those words, something inside Lynn snapped and she spilled the beans.

"When you peed in the sleeping bag... it was the hottest fucking thing I've ever seen." she blurted out, her voice filled with lust and uncertainty.

"And now, watching you pee like this... it's just... I don't know, it does something to me."

Emma's eyes widened in surprise, then a slow smile spread across her face.

"Really?" she asked, her voice filled with wonder. "You think it's sexy?"

Lynn nodded, her face still flushed.

"Yeah, I do." she admitted. "But I don't want it to mess us up. I don't want you to think I'm weird or anything."

"Lynn, I don't think you're weird." Emma said, reaching out to take Lynn's hand.

"So you really meant it when you said you think its hot this morning, I thought it was just...well...that I did not want to let go of your hand."

"That too! It absolutely was that too! But when I noticed you pee in the sleeping bag and didn't let go of my hand, it was...like...wow!" Lynn confessed.

"I've had this... thing for peeing, you know, since I was a teenager." she confessed, feeling more vulnerable than she had in years.

Emma's grin grew wider, a glint of excitement in her eyes.

"Well, if we're sharing sleeping bags tonight, I might just have an 'accident' knowing this." she said playfully, her voice dropping to a seductive tone.

"But only if you promise to hold my hand again."

The thought of it sent a thrill through Lynn, a delicious shiver that made her bladder clench and stopped her stream for a second.

"You're serious?" she asked, her voice a mix of disbelief and excitement.

"As a heart attack." Emma said, her hand squeezing Lynn's gently. "But only if you promise to keep it a secret."

"I'm not ready to tell that to the others, no worry." Lynn smiled.

"Then again, with the stuff we did back then and after yesterday night they would most likely just shrug and cheer for me." she giggled nervously.

Their streams finally subsided but before Emma could take a tissue out of her pocket, Lynn spoke up.

"Could you... not wipe?" she asked, her voice a little shaky. "I know it's weird, but just this once?"

Emma raised an eyebrow but didn't argue. With her new knowledge about Lynn's preferences and her memory of the warm feeling this morning, who was she to deny her?

She pulled her panties up, feeling the cool fabric brush against her still wet skin. Also she let the last dribbles of pee trickle out of her and soaking the fabric of her panties, creating a dark spot that grew before their eyes.

Lynn gasped, her breath catching in her throat. She had never seen anything so erotic in all her life. "Emma, I love you!" she said, her voice filled with passion.

Emma felt a warmth spread through her chest, a feeling she hadn't felt in a very long time.

"I love you too, Lynn." she murmured, her eyes never leaving Lynn's.

Then she noticed that Lynn also had a small wet spot on her panties, as she also did not wipe though it was not half as big as Emma's, since Lynn finished with her pants down.

After both were ready and presentable again they made their way back, but suddenly Lynn grinned mischievously and checked her watch.

"We have twenty-one seconds to the five minutes we were given before Lilly comes after us."

She whispered to Emma, her voice low and filled with mischief.

"Wanna see if she keeps her promise?"

Emma's eyes gleamed at the thought, and she nodded eagerly. They both giggled like naughty schoolgirls, the sound of their laughter blending with the rustling leaves as they wait behind a nearby bush, their hearts racing. They knew that their giggling was loud enough to carry back to the others, but they didn't care. It was a game and they wanted to play it.

Lilly looked to them, their hiding skills not as great as they thought.

"I see you you silly geese! You think you can hide from me?" she called out, her laughter carrying on the breeze.

"And now come out, I have to hear the story of the worst sex of your lives if it did not even take five minutes!" They both came out of the bushes giggling but also a bit flustered.

"Hey! Shut it! There are other people!" Emma hissed.

"Don't get your panties in a twist, nobody heard me." Lilly winked at them, her voice playful as she approached.

"But really, we did not think you would come back in time."

'"Let us make one thing perfectly clear, we did not have sex nor did we plan to!" Emma announced dramatically as they got closer, though their cheeks were a bit rosy from the conversation they shared moments earlier. Rachel, Lilly and Lisa couldn't help but boo playfully, their laughter bouncing off the trees around them.

"Aw, you're no fun!" Rachel teased. "We were all hoping for a juicy campfire confession!"

"Well, sorry to disappoint you!" Lynn said with a wink and a grin.

"But we're saving the good stuff for the sequel."

Jane clenched her fist and hit the ground a bit.

"Oh damn!" she exclaimed, her eyes widening and she pouted.

The others looked at Jane quite a bit shocked over her little tantrum, it seemed she hoped for some sexy details even more than the others.

"You know, you can be scary sometimes. " Rachel joked, her eyes filled with a mixture of humor and a little bit of concern.

Jane's cheeks flushed a deep shade of crimson, and she quickly covered her mouth with her hand.

"I, I didn't mean to say that out loud!" she squeaked, her eyes wide with embarrassment.

Rachel and Lilly burst out laughing, and even Lisa couldn't help but chuckle at the sight of their usually reserved friend looking so angry.

"It's alright, Jane." Rachel said, her voice warm and comforting.

"We all have our moments."

Lilly patted Jane on the back, her eyes sparkling with amusement.

"Don't worry, we won't hold it against you, but if we see a bear we send you first." she assured her with a grin.

But Lynn had other ideas. She turned to Emma, her expression a mix of mischief and challenge. "You know what, Em? Maybe we should give them a little taste of what they're asking for." she said, her eyes flicking to the other women, who were watching the exchange with growing interest.

Without waiting for a response, Lynn leaned in and pressed her lips against Emma's, her hand snaking around her waist and pulling her close. Emma's eyes went wide with surprise, but she didn't pull away. Instead, she melted into the kiss, her body fitting against Lynn's like they had done this a hundred times before. The passion between them was almost touchable, a promise of many more kisses to come. This time they even put more passion in it then after the song.

The group erupted into cheers and claps, Rachel's and Lilly's laughter leading the way.

"Looks like we've got ourselves a good show!" Rachel exclaimed, her voice filled with excitement. Jane's eyes were wide, her hand flying to her mouth as she watched her two friends share an intimate moment in front of her.

Emma's medium-sized breasts pushed against Lynn's, their nipples hardening as the kiss deepened and their feelings growing. They finally broke apart, panting, and turned to their friends.

With a dramatic bow, they both grinned, the tension of the moment shattered by their playfulness but their passion lingered.

"Thank you! Thank you!" Lynn said, waving to their cheering audience like they were on stage.

Emma leaned into the moment, placing a hand on her chest and striking a pose.

"We aim to entertain!" she called out, her voice clear and confident.

The group's laughter faded into a comfortable chuckle, and Rachel looked at her two friends with a knowing smile. She knew they had more in store for each other, and she was happy to see them so open and carefree. Maybe they all witnessed the birth of something great. As the time walked on they finished their picnic and they quickly packed up their belongings, making sure to leave the spot as pristine as they had found it. As Rachel folded the blanket neatly she felt a familiar pressure in her bladder, a feeling she had learned to enjoy rather than dread over the years. She didn't always had the time for toilet break when the need hit her and so she grew fond of the feeling of a full bladder.

As Emma looked around to see if they hadn't forgot anything she found a sign, it was not overly big but catched her eye anyway. It read 'River Rush Rafting - Experience the Thrill of the Rapids with our Pro Guides'. A picture of a rafter holding onto their life jacket with a wide smile as they plummeted down the river was shown. She couldn't help but feel a sudden jolt of excitement.

"Girls! Look at this!" she said, pointing to the sign.

"We absolutely have to do this!" Her eyes sparkled with excitement, and her voice was filled with enthusiasm.

Lisa looked over, her curiosity piqued.

"I don't know, I mean is it safe?" she asked, her eyebrow arching.

"It's totally safe!" Emma assured her, her eyes gleaming with joy.

"You just sit in the boat and the guides do all the work. It's like a roller coaster, but with water! Look it says no experience required!" She pointed to the words on the sign, how dangerous could it be when they took in total newbies.

Lynn and Lilly exchanged a look, the thrill of adventure sparkling in their eyes.

"I'm in!" Lynn said without hesitation, her voice filled with excitement.

"Count me in, too!" Lilly added with a grin.

Lisa studied the sign for a moment, her hand absentmindedly playing with the waistband of her shorts.

"I haven't been on a raft in ages." she mused. "But what the hell, let's do it!"

She flashed them a grin, her maternal instincts of security momentarily forgotten in the face of nostalgic thrill. Jane looked a bit nervous, but she didn't want to be left out.

"I... I think I can handle it." she said, her voice quivering slightly.

Rachel noticed her friend's nerves and gave her a reassuring pat on the shoulder.

"Don't worry, Jane." Rachel said, her voice warm. "We'll all be in the same boat. We'll look out for each other."

The group of friends headed towards the rafting spot, chattering and laughing as they went.

Rachel felt the familiar tightness in her bladder, a reminder of her own little need. She had always loved the feeling of waiting until the last possible moment to pee, even in younger years and her bakery teached her to really savor it, the anticipation building with the delicious pressure inside her. She decided against relieving herself in the bushes, feeling the challenge instead. It was a thrill she hadn't felt in a long time, and she was pretty sure she could hold it until they got to the bathroom.

The excitement grew as they followed the signs to the rafting area, the sound of rushing water growing louder with every step. Rachel's heart raced, not just from her bladder's protests but from the excitement of the adventure ahead. The sight of the river, with its frothy rapids and serene pools, brought a smile to her face. It was like a playground for adults, and she couldn't wait to dive in.

The station was bustling with activity, but the line moved quickly.

Two young women, Jenny and Sara, approached them, their bright smiles warm and inviting. They looked gorgeous with their easy confidence and the way the water droplets glistened on their sun-kissed skin.

"Welcome to River Rush Rafting!" Jenny exclaimed, her voice bubbly.

"I'm Jenny and this is my friend Sara!" She pointed to the other guide, who was equally cheerful. The buzz of excitement grew as Rachel, Emma,Lilly, Lisa, Lynn, and Jane approached the bustling station. The air was thick with the scent of wet fabric and the distant roar of rushing water.

"You're going to have so much fun!" Sara added, her eyes sparkling with enthusiasm. She began explaining the procedures as Rachel's bladder gave a gentle reminder of its growing impatience, but she ignored it, focusing instead on the thrill of the adventure ahead. The guides' instructions were clear and thorough, detailing how to paddle, how to sit in the raft, and what to do if they fell in, though that should not happen.

They made their payment and handed over their phones and other such devices to Jenny, who placed them in a watertight bag with the practiced ease of someone who had done it a hundred times before. Rachel watched as the bag was secured to the side of the raft, her bladder giving a little twinge of protest at the thought of being so near water and not being able to relieve herself.

After they got their vests and helmets they approached one of the boats.

"Alright, ladies, let's get you set up!" Jenny said, her smile never wavering as she helped Rachel and Lilly into the front of the raft. Rachel couldn't help but feel a little self-conscious as she sat down, her bladder now front and center in her thoughts, she really underestimated the effect the river would have on her. She tried to focus on the excitement of the adventure ahead, the way the sun glinted off the waves, but the pressure was growing.

Lisa and Jane settled into the middle of the boat, their eyes wide as they took in their surroundings. Rachel could see the nerves in Jane's posture, her hands gripping the ropes tightly. But Rachel knew that once they hit the rapids, those nerves would turn to pure exhilaration.

Emma and Lynn took their places at the back of the boat, the thrill of their recent kiss still lingering between them. Rachel noticed the way Lynn's eyes kept darting to Emma's crotch, and she couldn't help but smirk at their private thoughts, maybe she should warn them, but now it was impossible.

Jenny took her position at the front, her paddle at the ready.

"You guys are going to love this!" she called out, her enthusiasm infectious.

Sara sat behind Lynn and Emma, her paddle slicing through the water with a smooth, practiced motion. The river was calm at first, the raft gliding gently along the surface. Rachel took a deep breath, letting the cool air fill her lungs. The sun was warm on her skin, and the sound of the water was like a lullaby. Her bladder protested again, but she was determined to ignore it. The scenery was breathtaking, the trees leaning over the river as if sharing secrets, their leaves whispering in the breeze. The water was a deep, clear blue, almost calling them to jump in, but they knew that would be a bad idea.

Then as they rounded a bend, the river began to pick up speed. Rachel could feel the tension in the boat as the current grew stronger, the gentle murmur of the water turning into a steady, rhythmic crescendo. The serene drift had become a thrilling ride, the kind that made your heart race and your palms sweat. She tightened her grip on the ropes, her eyes fixed on the churning white froth ahead.

Jenny and Sara's voices grew louder, their laughter mixing with the sound of the river as they shouted commands.

"Paddle hard! Left! Right! Hold on!"

Rachel felt a thrill run through her as she obeyed, her body moving in sync with the others. The water sprayed up at them, cooling Rachel's flushed skin. Despite the excitement, she was acutely aware of her bladder's insistent pleas, the pressure now a constant throb.

The river grew wilder, the rapids approaching with an intimidating roar. Rachel's heart raced, her pulse pounding in her ears. This was what she lived for, the kind of adventure that made her feel alive. And yet, there was a nagging voice in the back of her mind, reminding her of her need to pee.

As they approached the another set of rapids, Rachel felt a rush of adrenaline. The boat dipped and swerved, the water rushing over the sides and soaking them all. Rachel squealed with excitement, her body bracing against the waves. But as the boat slammed down into the water, she felt a sudden, sharp pain in her lower abdomen. Her eyes widened, her mind racing. In the midst of the chaos, Rachel couldn't help but wonder if she had made a mistake. Was this thrill worth the discomfort she was feeling? But she pushed the thought aside, focusing on the task at hand. They were a team, a united front against the river's fury. And if she could hold on just a little longer, she knew the reward would be worth it.

As they traveled on, Rachel's bladder protested again and again, sending a jolt of pain through her body. She gritted her teeth, determined not to let it ruin the moment. But Lilly, had noticed Rachel's shifting mood. She leaned in, her eyes filled with concern.

"You okay?" she shouted over the noise of the river but just enough for Rachel to hear.

Rachel nodded, trying to keep her voice light.

"Just a little... uncomfortable." she yelled back, her eyes dancing with mischief.

She didn't want to admit her predicament outright, but she knew Lilly wasn't stupid.

Lilly raised an eyebrow, her gaze flicking down to Rachel's crotch.

"You need to go?" she asked, her voice low enough that only Rachel could hear.

Rachel nodded.

"You know, Rachel." Lilly began playfully, her voice rising over the sound of the river.

"You really should have peed when we had the chance in the woods. That's what the rest of us did!" Rachel shot her a glare, but the mischief in Lilly's eyes was unmistakable. She knew Rachel had been holding it in for the thrill, and she wasn't about to let her forget it.

"I can handle it!" Rachel said through gritted teeth, her face a picture of determination.

"I'm not a little girl anymore."

But Lilly wasn't done teasing.

"Are you sure?" she called out.

"Yes I am!" Rachel grinned, but she was not as sure as she made it seem.

After the next wild portion Rachel sat a bit more tight, her legs pressing together. Lilly noticed the predicament of her friend and with a cheeky grin she mouthed the words

"Just go, Rachel, we're already wet anyway."

Rachel's eyes widened, and she shook her head vigorously, her cheeks flushing with a mix of embarrassment and excitement. She wasn't quite ready to take that leap of faith, but the idea was tempting. They hit another set of rapids, the boat bucking like a wild horse.

Rachel's bladder protested again, sending another wave of panic through her body. She tightened her muscles, willing herself to hold on just a little longer. The cold spray of water only made the sensation more intense, her body betraying her with every bump and jolt.

Rachel's mind raced, the thrill of the adventure now intertwined with the unbearable pressure in her lower tummy.

Lilly watched Rachel with a knowing smile, the mischief in her eyes growing with every twist and turn of the river. Rachel's eyes darted from her friend to the rushing water, then back again. The idea of giving in to her body's demand in such a public and wild setting was both terrifying and exhilarating. She felt a strange thrill at the thought of peeing in the raft, the warmth spreading through her shorts unnoticed by the others.

The boat shot through the next rapids, each plunge sending a fresh spray of cold water over Rachel's body. Her heart raced, and she could feel the tension building in her bladder, a crescendo of need that matched the river's roar. Rachel took a deep breath and nodded to Lilly, her decision made.

If an accident was inevitable then she could just let go anyway.

With a wink, Rachel leaned a bit back in her seat, her body relaxing slightly. She watched the river fly by, the world reduced to the water and the laughter of her friends. The anticipation was unbearable, her bladder screaming for relief. Rachel's gaze locked onto the horizon, her mind focusing solely on the task at hand.

With a deep breath, Rachel released her grip on her bladder, and the hot, unstoppable stream of urine began to flow. It was a strange sensation, the warmth of her pee mixing with the cold water from the river that clung to her clothes. She felt it soaking her panties and the crotch of her shorts, the fabric clinging to her skin as it grew heavier with the warm fluid. Rachel's face remained stoic, though her mind raced with many strange feelings.

The feeling was surprisingly sensual, the warmth spreading out from her pussy and soothing the cold that had seeped into her clothes from the river's splashes. The sound of her pee was lost in the roar of the water around them, but Rachel felt every drop, the sensation almost orgasmic as it filled her panties and began to splash down her legs. She bit her lip, her eyes squeezed shut, trying not to let the others know the secret she was sharing with the river, luckily Jenny looked at the river in front of them and Sara could not possibly see what she was doing from her point of view.

Her heart pounded in her chest, the thrill of the situation adding to the rush of the rapids.

Rachel had never done anything so wild and free, so utterly in the moment, honestly she was surprised how quick her body had let go of the flood into her clothes. The pressure in her bladder subsided slowly, and she felt lighter, more alive than she had in years. As the last drops fell, Rachel couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. She looked over at Lilly, who was grinning back at her, clearly aware of what had just happened. Rachel's eyes sparkled with mischief as she winked at her friend, a silent nod to their shared secret.

The rest of the ride was a blur of laughter and splashing water, Rachel's wet shorts a constant reminder of her daring choice. Her friends were none the wiser, their attention on the exhilarating ride ahead. The group pulled into the dock, their raft bobbing gently in the water. They all felt a twinge of regret that the adventure was over, but also a thrill of excitement for what might come next. As they climbed out of the boat, Rachel's legs were a little shaky, her body still tingling from the rush of peeing in such an unconventional way.

They gathered their things, Rachel discreetly checking that her secret was still safe. The others chattered away, their laughter infectious as they recounted their favorite moments of the trip.

Rachel couldn't help but feel a bit smug, her secret adding a delicious layer of naughtiness to the day's events. As they stepped out of the raft, Jenny and Sara were there to help them to the shore, their faces beaming with pride at the successful journey. Rachel couldn't help but notice the way their eyes lingered on their sodden clothes, a bit too long for a quick gaze.

"You guys were amazing out there!" Jenny exclaimed, her voice echoing with the excitement of the moment.

"You're all welcome back anytime!" Sara added with a wink.

The friends laughed and promised they'd consider it, already planning their next adventure together. They thanked the guides profusely, their smiles genuine and filled with the camaraderie of shared excitement. Jenny and Sara watched as they walked away, their hands waving high in the air.

"Well, they were definitely right in one aspect." Lisa looked down on her body and the others. "We're all absolutely drenched!"

They had all been soaked from head to toe more or less, their clothes sticking to their bodies like a second skin. The warmth of the day was a blessing, preventing any uncomfortable chill from setting in. Lisa's warm tone skin glowed with a sheen of river water, her hair plastered against her forehead, giving her a youthful look she hadn't had in years. Jane's skin had a little glint to it, with water droplets clinging to her lashes sparkling like little diamonds. Her petite frame was slightly more pronounced by the clinging fabric of her shirt and shorts, showcasing her small but sweet curves.

Emma and Lynn had similar reactions, their clothes clinging to their forms, revealing the athleticism and grace that came from their toned bodies. The wet fabric of Emma's shirt hugged her medium-sized breasts, her nipples peaked from the rubbing so much that even her bra could not hide them fully, while Lynn's shirt outlined the firmness of her own breasts, a hint of the attraction between them still lingering in the air. Rachel, the leader of the group, her skin now a rosy glow from the exertion, looked like a wild goddess emerging from a mythical river, her small muscles rippling slightly from the effort of the journey.

Lilly, Rachel's confidant, had a knowing look in her eye as she took in Rachel's wet state, her own red hair a wild mess around her face, the freckles on her chest standing out against her pale, now-damp skin. She had a mischievous smile playing on her lips, knowing Rachel's secret and enjoying the sight of her friend's daring and excitement.

"Oh well, if any of us has to pee now, we could just go, nobody would notice."

Lilly's comment was met with a round of laughter from the group.

The idea of peeing in their pants was ludicrous, but given their current state, it was a humorous thought. Rachel chuckled, her eyes sparkling with amusement. She knew what Lilly was referring to, and the shared secret between them was a little exciting.

"I mean, we're already soaking wet." Lilly said with a wink.

Rachel nodded in agreement, her grin widened slightly as she thought back to her earlier predicament and the solution.

Jane leaned in closer to Rachel, her voice low and conspiratorial, she had not forgotten that Rachel had to go as they arrived on the viewpoint. Now she must be bursting and so she leaned over to ask. Though she was not as covert as she thought.

"Rachel, do you still have to pee?" Jane whispered, her eyes wide with curiosity.

Rachel caught the question and felt a thrill at the thought of her secret escapade. She turned to Jane, her smile playful, and winked.

"Nope, I'm all good." she replied, her voice dripping with nonchalance.

The others, who had heard the exchange, looked at Rachel with a mix of confusion and suspicion. Her earlier agitation, the tight grip on the ropes, the sudden relaxation, it all painted a picture. But Rachel played it cool, her eyes dancing with mischief.

"Are you sure?" Lisa asked, her eyes scanning Rachel's wet shorts, trying to gauge if there was a telltale sign she had missed.

Rachel nodded, her cheeks flushing slightly.

"Yeah, I took care of it." she said with a smugness that didn't escape anyone's notice.

"You really did it!" Lynn shouted.

Rachel grinned broadly, the secret thrill of her daring act still coursing through her.

"What? Pee in my pants?" she teased, her eyes glinting with mischief.

"You think I can't handle a little discomfort?"

"You had to go when we reached the view point, that's hours ago now." Emma pointed out with a smirk.

Rachel had been the picture of relaxation during the last stretch of the river rafting, and now, standing on the shore with her wet shorts, the realization dawned on them all.

The group looked at Rachel with a mix of amazement and amusement. Rachel just shrugged, her eyes sparkling with the thrill of her secret.

"What can I say, when nature calls, sometimes you just have to answer." Rachel said with a cheeky smile.

The group erupted into laughter, the shared mood of the adventure and Rachel's audacity turning the situation into a new inside joke. The revelation of Rachel's little 'accident' had an unexpected effect on their friendship. It was as if Rachel's daring act had broken down another barrier between them, allowing them to be more open and uninhibited. The way Rachel's wet shorts clung to her skin, the way she walked with a little extra sass in her step, it was all a silent declaration of her liberation, and her friends couldn't help but find it infectious.

Lisa laughed, she felt the need again, Rachel's story had triggered something in her, something that had been building since they started the rafting adventure. Rachel had been so cool about it, and Lisa couldn't help but feel a strange sense of empowerment. She looked around, ensuring they were a safe distance from any other campers, and made her decision.

With a mischievous smile, Lisa stopped in the middle of the path. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and let go. The faint sound of her pee hissing was noticeable even through her pants.

"Are you peeing your pants?" Lynn shouted, her eyes wide with shock and amusement, pointing at Lisa's crotch.

Rachel's confession had set a wild spirit free in their midst, and Lisa had embraced it with open arms. The group watched in disbelief, their laughter echoing through the trees as they realized what was happening. The dark stain grew from a small spot to a significant wet patch, the yellowish liquid seeping through the fabric of her shorts and running down her legs like a stream.

"Yep, I guessed it's fair game now, no?" Lisa laughed herself.

Rachel and Lilly whooped in approval, while Jane and Emma looked on with a mix of amazement and admiration. Jane tried not to stare too much, but her eyes were glued to the spectacle.

The sound of Lisa's pee was like a soft splash as it hit the dry stones, a stark contrast to the roar of the river they had just left behind. The smell was faint but present, a natural scent that lingered just long enough to be noticed. Lisa's eyes remained open and unashamed, a declaration of her comfort and acceptance in their presence. The warmth of her pee spread through her shorts, leaving a wet trail down her legs, pooling at her feet. She swayed slightly, the relief palpable in her posture as she let go of any lingering inhibitions.

"And it feels great! Also, except you girl's nobody will ever know."

"Ew! Gross! As if I wanted to know!" Lilly exclaimed with mock horror, her smile a mile wide as she watched Lisa's shameless act unfold.

The river of urine grew more pronounced as it snaked down Lisa's legs, the fabric of her shorts now a soggy mess, the yellow tint giving away the nature of the fluid. Jane's eyes were still glued to the spectacle, her cheeks burning as she processed the scene. Rachel could see the curiosity in her eyes, the unspoken questions about Rachel's earlier secret. Rachel gave her a knowing look and a nod, acknowledging the silent understanding between them. Jane's blush deepened, but she couldn't tear her gaze away.

When Lisa finally finished, she looked up at her friends, her eyes gleaming with satisfaction.

"Way better now. And look, if you don't know you never would guess." She turned around once and her friends nodded in agreement, the evidence of her act almost invisible unless you knew what to look for. Rachel stepped forward and gave her a high five, their eyes meeting in a moment of shared rebellion and friendship.

“Well, I guess that proves that you really would piss your pants in front of us.” Lilly grinned.

The group continued their walk back to the campsite, their spirits higher than the birds soaring above them. Rachel couldn't help but feel a twinge of arousal at the thought of her friends' secret understanding. The warmth of the day would dry their clothes, water or pee and so they continued their way to their tent, no bathroom breaks required anymore.

