Camping Moms

Author: Lasius

*004*2024-12-23 07:29

Hello again, it's finally here.

Part 4

Their tent came back into vision after a nice stroll along the lake shore.

Emma and Lynn walked hand in hand again, their eyes glued to each other. For the moment Lilly even kept her relentless teasing away from them, she had two new targets. Rachel and Lisa.

"So, i guess you two have a new hobby hm?" she smiled with an eyebrow raised at Rachel.

Rachel just chuckled for a moment.

"I'm surprised you didn't join in." Rachel shot back.

"What me? No thanks, I'm not that desperate yet." Lilly shrugged her shoulders, smiling.

"Yet?" Lisa teased her back.

"I'm an adult you two, I don't go in my pants." she grinned.

Jane, who had listened, murmured quietly.

"You say that now, Lilly, but who knows. Maybe, given your interest in Rachel and Lisa, it's just a matter of time."

The group stared at Jane, yes she was the shy and quiet one, but when she wasn't, she had quite the cheeky side. They all couldn't help but burst out into laughter at the thought of Lilly peeing in her pants.

Rachel playfully nudged her. "You know, Jane could be onto something."

Lilly rolled her eyes in feigned protest. "Me? Pee in my pants?"

She paused for dramatic effect, her hand on her chest in mock horror.

"I don't think so. But if I ever do, I'll make sure to give you all a show like Lisa here." she quipped, pointing at Lisa with a wink.

"Hey, don't knock it till you've tried it!" Lisa said with a playful grin, her wet shorts still clinging to her thighs, highlighting her form. She didn't bother to wipe away the stray droplets that lingered on her skin, letting the warmth of the sun do the work for her. Her friends' laughter filled the air, a symphony of joy that seemed to resonate with the whole group.

They had all known each other for so long, seen each other through so much, that this new development was hardly anything to be embarrassed about. It was just another wild chapter in their long history of shared experiences.

Emma took Lynn aside, her voice a hushed whisper as she made sure only the two of them heard each other.

"Does this turn you on?" she asked, her eyes gleaming with a mix of curiosity and mischief and maybe a little bit of uncertainty. Lynn looked at Rachel and Lisa's wet shorts, then back to Emma, a nod followed.

"It's...kinda hot." she admitted, her cheeks flushing.

"But what you and I do...that's different. Stronger in a way if you like."

"You mean like me peeing in my sleeping bag to keep holding your hand?"

Emma asked, a smirk playing on her lips as she recalled the earlier morning's escapade.

Rachel's and Lisa's display brought back memories of her own daring act to stay close to Lynn. Emma had been unable to to let go of Lynn's hand, but she was not unable to let go of her bladder, no matter what it meant for her panties and sleeping bag.

Lynn nodded, her eyes sparkling with affection and desire.

"Yeah, exactly like this." she smiled, stepping closer to Emma.

"It was so hot and sexy! But what I feel for you know...that's on volcano level right now."

She leaned in, capturing Emma's lips in a passionate kiss, her hands roaming over the curves of her body, feeling the warmth of their shared love. Their kiss was deep and passionate, their tongues dancing together in a silent ballet. Emma's arms wrapped around Lynn's neck, pulling her closer as she moaned softly into her mouth, feeling the excitement build in her belly and a bit deeper too.

The feeling of wetting herself in her sleeping bag was nothing compared to the rush of emotions coursing through her as she kissed Lynn. Her heart raced like the river they had just conquered together as she thought of the thing's that kiss promised.

When they finally broke apart, they were both breathless, their eyes locked in a silent promise for more.

"I love you, Lynn." Emma whispered, her voice trembling with passion and dripping with affection.

"And I love you too, Emma." Lynn replied, her voice thick with emotion.

"No matter what we do, or what happens here, that will never change."

"Hey Lovebirds! If you eat yourselves i take it you're not hungry for dinner, right?" Lilly called out, her voice filled with laughter as she watched Emma and Lynn kissing passionately.

Rachel and Jane couldn't help but chuckle at her comment, breaking the romantic mood between the two just a bit.

"Maybe we should first start the fire again?" Rachel suggested, raising an eyebrow at Lilly.

"I mean, before you talk about who is hungry for what." Rachel's stomach rumbled a bit with all the talk about food.

Lilly's smile grew wider as she took in Rachel's and Lisa's still wet shorts.

"Well, I guess you two are already marinating." she quipped, her eyes sparkling with humor.

Rachel rolled her eyes though she smiled at the weird joke, it was somewhat fitting.

"Oh wet yourself already! You're envy is showing, just join us!"

Lisa called out, her voice filled with mock annoyance as she watched Rachel and Lilly's playful banter from the edge of the camp.

"Sorry girls, I don't need to pee, but I am kind of thirsty!"

Lilly exclaimed with a grin, taking another hearty gulp from her water bottle. Rachel's eyes narrowed playfully at her friend's antics, while Lisa chuckled, Jane followed that exchange with a curious gaze.

Emma took this as her cue to slip away and into the tent. She had been eager to check on her sleeping bag since they had returned from their adventure. The morning's events had left it damp and smelling faintly of urine, but the hours in the sun had worked their magic. She unzipped the bag and took a cautious sniff. The scent was faint, barely noticeable unless you were right beside it. "Perfect!" she murmured to herself, a naughty smile playing on her lips.

Though she knew it really didn't matter as tonight she would share Lynn's sleeping bag, she was kind of nervous about that, but the good kind that makes the skin feel all tingly with excitement. And maybe, just maybe, she would have another little 'accident'. The thought thrilled her as much as it did Lynn, who had been practically glowing since their earlier conversation. It was a thrilling little secret, a game of anticipation that only the two of them knew they were playing.

The sound of flowing fabric brought Emma out of her thoughts, and she looked up to see Lynn ducking into the tent, her eyes shining with mischief.

"Is it dry?" Lynn asked, her voice low and conspiratorial, her gaze flicking to the sleeping bag Emma had just checked. Emma nodded, her cheeks flushing slightly.

"Yeah, it's all good." she replied, her voice a little flustered.

She couldn't help but feel a thrill at the thought of what might happen tonight, the anticipation grew with every second. Lynn's smile grew wider.

"Good." she said, her smile then grew wider.

"Not that it matters I think, especially after Rachel and Lisa both peed themselves in front of everyone. But our little secret is just that, ours."

She stepped closer to Emma, her eyes filling with desire for her lover.

"It's like having a naughty little treasure we can share."

But before they could indulge in another kiss, the tent flap flew open again and Lilly stormed in, her face distorted in playful annoyance.

"Gosh dammit! You are like teenagers in heat! You have to be under constant surveillance!" she exclaimed, playfully shoving the lovebirds apart.

"Go make yourself useful! That constant kissing and being all lovey-dovey is unbearable!" she scolded, her voice a mix of laughter and mock-sternness.

Emma and Lynn couldn't help but laugh, the sensual mood changed in a more jovial.

"Alright, alright, queen of jealousy!"

Emma chuckled, taking Lynn's hand and pulling her out of the tent. Lilly smacked their asses playfully as they left, the sound echoing in the small space with a light slap.

They both squealed in surprise, turning to look at Lilly over their shoulders with mock indignation.

“Hey!” they said in unison.

Lilly grabbed the second cooler still filled with food. Her gaze shortly lingered on the other cooler, now empty, that Lisa had used as a makeshift toilet that morning. It was a testament of the depth of their friendship that something so private had been turned into a shared joke. The cooler sat there inconspicuous, a reminder of their bygone adventures of some sort, though they never been that wet in the past. She shrugged and followed Emma and Lynn, her lips slightly curled upwards.

Outside Rachel already had the fire going, just waiting for stuff to grill.

While Lisa and Jane were busy with the cutlery and plates. Emma and Lynn were trying to act busy as they could, especially as Lilly approached, cooler in hand.

They started cooking as they took their places on the logs around the fireplace.

Emma and Lynn sat on one log, Rachel and Lilly shared the next and Lisa and Jane took the last. Rachel and Lisa's shorts were almost dry now, the last remnants dissipating in the fires heat, but no one in the group gave it a second thought anyway. They were all too busy laughing and sharing stories, the smoky scent of the BBQ filling the air.

With great appetite from their adventurous day they ate like a hungry pack of wolves. Rachel and Lilly couldn't stop teasing each other, their laughter echoing through the trees, while Emma and Lynn shared knowing smiles, their hearts full of love and contentment. Jane and Lisa chuckled at their friends' antics, the warmth of the fire and the friendship making their spirits soar.

Sometimes other campers passed by their lot, their heads turned in curiosity at the sound of laughter from the group of friends. They all made sure to keep their conversations clean of spicy takes, at least if others could hear them.

But as the afternoon rolled into early evening, the distant thump of music grew louder, hinting at some kind of festival or gathering in the vicinity. The friends glanced at each other, their laughter momentarily halted by the pulse of the bass that seemed to resonate in the very earth beneath them. Rachel, looked around the circle.

"Well, I guess we know where the party's at." she said with a wink.

"Yep, its right here! No need to go anywhere else!"

Lynn exclaimed with a joyful laugh, her eyes sparkling with mischief as she gestured around their campfire. The distant music grew louder, a reminder of the world beyond their little oasis of friendship and acceptance.

"I couldn't agree more." Lisa said with a firm nod. "This weekend is about us, about reconnecting, and making new memories. And if there is party's elsewhere that keeps prying eyes away from us, that's even better."

The group nodded in unison, their faces reflecting the warm glow of the fire.

As if the universe had conspired to give them privacy, the other campers began drifting towards the distant party lights, their voices fading into the night.

Lilly watched them go, a smug smile playing on her lips.

"Well, I guess that's our cue to get wild." she smirked.

They had each other, and that was all they needed. And here, in the warmth of their friendship and the flicker of the firelight, they were free to be themselves without judgment or pretense.

The conversation moved on, tales of old adventures, of their lives and families made the round.

But then Rachel suddenly laughed a bit.

"I never in a million years thought I'd be peeing in my pants on a river raft!" she exclaimed, her eyes sparkling with mirth.

"Well, it was pretty wild!" Lilly said, grinning at Rachel.

"I've never seen you so desperate and then so relaxed, was quite a show."

Lisa chimed in with her expertise.

"For me, it's not that wild." she said with a shrug.

"My bladder's been playing up for years. But doing it in front of you all on purpose, that was definitely a new experience!"

The group chuckled at the nonchalance that accompanied such a strange topic.

Rachel felt a warmth spread through her, not just from the fire but from their friendship and shared experiences. She took a deep breath, feeling more alive than she had in a long time and she was sure she wasn't the only one feeling like that as she looked around her friends.

Funnily enough they all seemed to drink more today, everyone had a bottle nearby taking a swig every now and then. It was like their thirst was never sated.

They didn't need alcohol to spice up their night, the day's adventures had been more than enough. Time moved on as they laughed and talked, the sound of their voices mixing with the crackling of the fire and the distant thump of the music that grew louder with each passing moment.

For a while now they haven't seen another camper passing by and so their stories grew more spicy.

"And then Tom came into the bakery with just an apron!"

Rachel smiled, her cheeks flushed with the heat from both the fire and her memory.

"You should have seen the look on my face when he started kneading the dough!" Rachel's eyes glinted with mischief, her hands mimicking the motion of kneading with one hand while her other made a dangling motion between her legs.

Lisa chuckled. "So, did he knead something else that evening?"

"Well, i was planning on working but...let's just say it did not last long."

Rachel laughed back, her cheeks flushing slightly with excitement of the memory.

Emma leaned in, her curiosity piqued.

"You guys had sex in the bakery?" she asked, her voice a mix of surprise and amusement.

Rachel nodded, a knowing smile playing on her lips.

"Best bread of the week, I can tell you that much. No matter what others might have thought about it." she said with a wink.

The group erupted into laughter, the sound echoing through the trees and into the night.

Jane, usually the quiet one, took a sip from her water bottle before speaking up, her voice a little timid.

"Well, I have a story too." she began, her cheeks flushing a deep shade of pink.

"Mike and I, we once...you know..."

The group leaned in, their eyes wide with anticipation. Jane took a deep breath and continued.

"We were in a clothing store, and I was trying on dresses for work. You know how it is, trying to find something professional but also...alluring?"

Emma and Lisa nodded, understanding the struggle all too well.

"So, I'm in the changing room, and Mike's outside waiting. And suddenly, he...he just comes in."

Their eyes went wide, and Rachel couldn't help but gasp.

"In the changing room?" she exclaimed, her voice a mix of shock and admiration.

Jane nodded, her gaze on the flickering fire.

"Yeah, and before I know it, he's kissing me, his hands...everywhere. And the next thing I know, he's got me up against the wall, and..." she trailed off, her cheeks now a beacon of embarrassment.

"You go, girl!" Lilly shouted, clapping her hands together.

"That's so hot!" Rachel and Lisa echoed her sentiments, their eyes shining with excitement.

Jane blushed even deeper but couldn't help but laugh at their reactions.

"It was pretty sexy." she admitted, a shy but mischievous smile playing on her lips.

"But it was just the two of us, and we couldn't resist."

The group cheered, their applause a testament to their admiration for Jane's daring side.

Lynn took a sip from her bottle, her gaze lingering on Emma. She felt a twinge of envy, knowing that the others would be returning to their husbands soon, but she had to wait a whole week before she could be with her love again. The thought of not being able to touch Emma, to kiss her, to feel her skin against her own for seven long days was almost unbearable.

She cleared her throat, trying to shake the feeling off but to no avail.

"Damn, I have to admit I'm a bit jealous of you girls."

Lynn's voice was filled with humor, though it was not wrong, she really felt it.

Everyone, including Emma, looked at her with a questioning look.

"You all get to go back to your handsome husbands soon, but I've got to wait a whole week before I can see my love." She explained to them, her gaze lingering on Emma for a moment too long.

Emma felt a warmth spread through her as Lynn looked at her while talking about her love.

She had not expected this weekend to end with such a revelation, but she was thrilled at the prospect of seeing Lynn again so soon.

"You mean..." she began, her voice trailing off as she searched Lynn's eyes.

"Yeah." Lynn said with a grin.

"I was planning on coming over to your place next weekend. If that's okay with you?"

Her question was loaded with hope and anticipation.

Emma's heart skipped a beat, and she couldn't stop the wide smile that spread across her face. "More than okay!" she said, her voice a whisper of excitement.

The thought of Lynn in her home, in her bed, was almost too much to handle right now.

"Hell, I thought about how we could see us again faster, and now you beat me to it."

Emma laughed before she leaned in for another kiss with Lynn.

Lilly watched with the others and tons of quips rushed through her mind, but she kept them all at bay. She knew that this moment was special for her friends, and she didn’t want to tarnish it with her usual sass. For once, she didn’t need to be the center of attention. This was about Emma and Lynn, and she could see the spark between them growing stronger with every shared glance, every touch, every whispered word.

After their kiss ended the conversation moved on, still with a bit more spice mixed in.

Rachel was telling them about her first time with Tom, which was quite the hilarious tale.

But a few minutes later, Lilly couldn't ignore the pressure building in her bladder anymore.

She looked around, noticing that the other campers had all moved away, drawn to the distant music and lights of the festival. The area was as private as it could get.

"Finally alone, i really need to take a piss!"

Lilly announced after Rachel had finished her story, her voice cutting through the comments.

The suddenness of her statement made everyone else look around, noticing indeed that the campground was now eerily deserted, the only noise being the crackling fire and the distant thump of music.

"You could have gone to the toilets Lilly." Lisa smiled.

Lilly grinned back.

"We already hiked today, and I don't feel like traipsing all the way to the bathroom and back again."

She stood, stretching a bit and walking a few steps away from the fire.

The air was cooling slowly but it was still pleasantly warm.

With a quick look around, she pulled her shorts and panties up to her mid-thigh and took her favorite high-squat position. Rachel, Emma, Lisa, and Jane watched, a mix of amusement and admiration on their faces.

"Lilly, why do you always take that pose?" Lynn asked, her curiosity piqued.

"Isn't it more strenuous?"

With a wink, Lilly began to explain her reasoning.

"Well yes, but it's not just for show."

She said as a stream of urine began to flow from her body, painting the ground beneath her in a warm, golden arc.

"It's actually quite practical. You see, with a low squat, you're stuck down there for ages trying to pull your pants up without making a mess and before you get caught. But with this high squat."

She demonstrated by standing up but without interrupting her flow.

"I can be up and dressed in no time if someone comes by."

Everyone around the fire gasped, what a display. Lilly's urine rushed against her shorts and panties, soaking the fabric as she stood tall and proud and sending droplets anywhere from the power of her stream. Her eyes sparkled with a rebellious joy as she continued to relieve herself without a care in the world. The sound of her pee hitting her panties was almost rhythmic, a strange melody of hissing and splashing, almost comedically escorted by the distant music.

Rachel and Lisa stared, their jaws slightly agape, while Emma and Jane couldn't help but laugh at the sheer audacity of it all. Jane was mesmerized and her eyes were widened.

Lilly looked down on herself shrugging.

"Well, normally i stop before standing up, but i guess Rachel and Lisa had me hooked."

With that she started to laugh and the others joined her.

Lisa let a whistle out, her eyes glinting with a mix of amazement and admiration for Lilly's carefree attitude.

"Well, Lilly, you weren't kidding when you said it's going to be a show!" she exclaimed, shaking her head in disbelief while she chuckled.

As Lilly's stream tapered off, she nonchalantly pulled her shorts up, the wet fabric clinging to her skin.

"I must say, I kind of understand you two." she looked to Rachel and Lisa.

"It's surprisingly nice and warm, isn't it?" she said with a wink, the glow of the firelight illuminating her mischievous grin.

They all laughed again, it was an absurd situation, but their bond was strong enough to find humor in it. It was as if the universe itself was egging them on, encouraging their newfound openness.

But their laughter was cut short by a sudden gasp from Jane, who was wiping a drop of liquid from her forehead.

At first, they mocked it as a stray spurt from Lilly's peeing show.

"Hey, watch it, Lilly!" Jane said playfully, her voice tinged with a hint of feigned annoyance.

But Lilly just shrugged, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "It's not me!"

They all turned to look up at the sky, which had gone from a serene, slowly fading sunlight to an angry, inky blackness. Raindrops fell lightly at first, a gentle reminder that nature had its own timetable. But within moments, the drops grew larger and more insistent, plummeting down with an ever-increasing tempo. Rachel's eyes widened as she realized the situation.

"Looks like the party's moving inside!" she exclaimed, jumping to her feet.

In a flash, the women were in motion, their laughter turning into giggles of excitement as they dashed around the campfire, snatching up their drinks, plates, and any other essentials they hadn't yet stowed away. Rachel grabbed the bag of marshmallows, tossing it to Jane as they all raced towards the tent after they extinguished the fire. The rain grew heavier with every step, the droplets bouncing off their skin and mixing with their laughter as they rushed to beat the downpour.

They shuffled into the tent, their damp clothes sticking to their bodies. Rachel took a moment to appreciate the sight of her friends, their skin glistening with rain, their eyes alight with the thrill of the sudden change in plans.

Lisa looked around the tent, the rain pattering on the fabric a comforting lullaby.

"Well, I guess it's a good thing we have this big tent, not that I would mind cuddling together with all of you." she said, smiling.

"Thanks to your husband's love for the finer things in life, even in the great outdoors."

Rachel teased, setting down the bag of marshmallows.

They all chuckled as they rearranged themselves into a cozy circle, the air inside thick with the scent of their damp clothes and the promise of more stories to come.

Emma pulled out a pack of playing cards from her backpack, her heart racing as she thought about the night ahead.

"Who's up for some fun?" she asked, shuffling the cards with a mischievous twinkle in her eye. Rachel handed around their drinks as they settled into their makeshift seating around the tent's center, the rain outside a stark contrast to the warmth and laughter inside.

As they began to play a round of poker, they couldn't help but chuckle at the thought of the festival-goers getting soaked.

"Serves them right for not joining us." Lilly said with a wink.

Rachel nodded in agreement. The light from the lantern flickered across their faces, casting an intimate glow as they leaned in closer, their eyes glinting with excitement and shared secrets.

The rain grew heavier, the sound of it a symphony of nature's percussion against the tent's fabric.

"You all know, that weekend was the best idea ever. Thank you Lisa for organizing it. I missed you girls so much." Rachel said as she dealt the cards around the circle.

"It's like we've never been apart." Emma added, taking a sip of her drink, her eyes sparkling with happiness. The warmth of their bodies and the sound of the rain created a cocoon of comfort, allowing them to let their guards down and truly revel in their friendship.

Jane picked up a marshmallow and examined it, a little sad that they wouldn't be roasting them over the fire.

"Too bad we can't roast these." she said with a pout.

Rachel grinned. "Well, we can still eat them raw, not as tasty but still very nice."

All of them nodded in agreement, popping the marshmallows into their mouths as they picked up their cards. The sugary sweetness of the marshmallows melted on their tongues, a delightful contrast to the crunch of the graham crackers and the smoothness of the chocolate that Rachel had also brought along. Their conversation flowed as freely as the river they bested today, each one sharing tales of their lives since the last time they were all together. The sound of the rain grew softer as they became more engrossed in their poker game, the slapping of the cards and the clinking of their bottles the only noise within the tent.

It was then that Lisa felt a familiar sensation, a reminder of her bladder's rebellion after her second child. She stiffened slightly, trying to hold it in, her cheeks flushing with the effort.

Rachel noticed her discomfort and raised an eyebrow.

"Lisa, you okay?"

"Shit! Not really." Lisa murmured under her breath as a dribble of pee escaped her.

She looked down with a look of resignation and mischief.

Lynn couldn't help but laugh.

"Looks like someone's bladder didn't get the memo about the tent's no-pee policy!"

The tension broke as Lisa looked up, her eyes sparkling with amusement despite the wetness spreading through her pants.

"Well, I guess I'll have to wash this tent really thorough after all." she said, giving in to the inevitable.

The sound of her pee hitting the tent floor joined the symphony of the rain outside, a gentle patter that grew louder as she released the floodgates. The smell of warm urine filled the air briefly, but it was soon overtaken by the sweet scent of the chocolate and marshmallows.

As Lisa's stream grew stronger, the fabric of her pants grew heavier, clinging to her skin and leaving a dark, wet spot that slowly crawled over her skin. The sight was almost artistic, as it slowly spreaded and painted her short's.

The puddle grew under Lisa, but she didn't care.

"Oh well, whatever. It's not the first time you all saw me pee my pants." She laughed.

Lilly looked down at her own still rather soaked shorts, her grin never fading.

"And it probably won't be the last time either." she quipped, pointing at the wetness in her own shorts.

"At least you are in good company!"

Giggles echoed through the tent.

"Also, i didn't get drenched in the rain!" Lisa laughed, looking down at her sodden pants with a sense of achievement.

Her joke brought forth another wave of roaring laughter.

Lynn looked around, the loose atmosphere about peeing or even wetting themselves in front of each other had reached a new peak.

"So, is this our new group activity?" She asked, her voice filled with amusement rather than disgust. She knew she had a secret of her own, a kink that made her heart race at the sight of their little accidents, on purpose or otherwise, but she kept it to herself, not wanting to make anyone feel uncomfortable.

Emma caught Lynn's gaze and couldn't help but smirk, knowing her secret from their pee in the wood's. She raised an eyebrow at Lynn, the silent exchange speaking volumes.

The shared understanding was a secret thrill between them, a private joke that only added to the warmth in their friendship and the power of their love.

While she gazed at Lynn Emma's mind began to wander to the upcoming night, knowing that with all this peeing going on around them, Lynn would be more tense than ever, a delicious kind of tension that thrummed with erotic potential. She couldn't wait to feel Lynn's body against hers again, the warmth of her skin, the taste of her mouth. But as she looked around at her friends, she knew they had to be careful. Their love was no secret to any of them, but they also had to respect their friendship and not make anyone uncomfortable with carnal desires.

Emma took a deep breath, pushing the thought away for later.

For now, she was going to focus on the game and the company and just in time to catch Lisa's answer to Lynn.

"Well, i don't know about that but I'd say that nobody would bat an eye. Half of us have wet on purpose anyway. Also since the tent is wet anyway..." Lisa's voice trailed off as she shrugged her shoulders in a gesture of carefree nonchalance, the corners of her mouth turned upwards in a knowing smile. Her puddle slowly seeped through the tent floor.

Lisa didn't seem to care, as if the wetness in her pants was a mere afterthought, a small price to pay for the comfort of not having to run to the bathroom in the rain.

Rachel and Lilly exchanged glances, the corners of their eyes crinkling with amusement, while Emma watched with a knowing smirk.

Jane, however, felt a sudden tightness in her own bladder, a pressure that had been building since they'd all settled into the tent. She changed her position, brought her heel under her crotch to help managing the need. Her gaze wandered to Lisa, sitting in her waning puddle, then to Lilly who so daringly peed her pants earlier and of course Rachel who told them all what she did in the raft.

It had a strange allure, a certain call of the forbidden. She felt the pressure in her bladder, the warmth of it, the need to let go. But she knew herself, she was shy and had a hard time even without her toilet training telling her she was wrong.

The thought of peeing in her pants here, now, in front of her best friends, made her cheeks burn.

But it was more than embarrassment, it was a thrill that tickled her stomach. Jane took her bottle of water and took another swig, her eyes never leaving the poker game. She could feel the cool liquid sliding down her throat and into her stomach, the sensation heightening her bladder's protest.

It was as if she had a little devil on her shoulder taunting her 'pee, pee, pee' with every beat of her pulse. She knew it was only a matter of time before she would have to admit defeat.

The sound of the rain had turned into a comforting white noise again, a reminder of the cozy bubble they had created for themselves. The sight of Lisa, casually sitting in her own pee, had a strange effect on Jane. It was a blend of admiration and curiosity. If only she had the courage to be so unabashedly herself, to not care about what others thought. But she was different, her bladder shyness made it hard to even pee in a public toilet. Right now she hoped that drinking more would make her bladder give in easier.

Lisa caught the fidget in Jane's body, the slight squirm in her posture, and leaned in closer, whispering.

"You okay, Jane?"

The others looked up from their cards, sensing something was amiss.

Jane felt her face flush even more, but she knew she couldn't lie to these women, they could see right through her, and that was something she loved. She took a deep breath and nodded.

"I... I have to go to the bathroom." she murmured.

"I knew it, I'm getting good at noticing your pee-face. It's okay, you know you can just do it here." Lisa said, her eyes twinkling with understanding and mirth.

The others had their eyes glued on Jane now.

Jane's cheeks turned a deeper shade of red.

"Well, I mean, I sort of do want to try it." she confessed, her voice barely loud enough to pass over the rain.

"But I just can't seem to... you know, let go." She bit her lip, looking down at the floor.

There build a certain tension in the tent. Anticipation, understanding but also support mixed in a tasty cocktail. Rachel set her cards down, the poker game momentarily forgotten.

"Jane, if you want to, you totally can." she assured her.

"You know how to relax and if it's something you're curious about...go for it."

Jane took a deep breath, feeling the pressure in her bladder more intensely than ever.

She closed her eyes and focused on letting go, her body tense with anticipation. But as she willed herself to pee, her bladder remained stubbornly shy. She let out a sigh of frustration.

"It's okay." Emma said, looking at her.

"You don't have to do anything you're not comfortable with. We can just escort you to..."

"But I am comfortable with it! I want to do it!" Jane protested, her eyes still squeezed shut.

"I just... I can't seem to make it happen."

The tent was filled with a strange aura, on one hand it was comically absurd that Jane wanted to wet herself so insistent. On the other hand the exuberant mood that made it seem like a funny game they all played. Rachel and Lisa watched Jane with a mix of empathy and excitement, while Emma's gaze was a gentle reassurance. Lynn took a sip from her bottle, watching the scene unfold.

It was Lilly who decided to take the situation into her own hands, quite literally.

With a sly grin, she pounced on Jane, her nimble fingers finding the soft spots on Jane's side, setting her off into a fit of giggles and laughter.

"You want to pee your pants, I'll help you!" she exclaimed, her voice a delightful mix of mischief and friendship.

The others watched, their laughter building as they realized Lilly wasn't joking.

All other's leaned in, their eyes shining with excitement.

Rachel cheered to Lilly. "Go for it!"

They watched as Lilly relentlessly tickled Jane, her laughter turning into gasps as she squirmed and wriggled, trying to get away, but not with much force.

Rachel and Lisa watched with glee, being the closest to Lilly and Jane but they kept their hands to themselves.

Jane's eyes grew wide with shock and amusement, her body convulsing as she tried to fight off the tickling onslaught.

"Stop!" she squealed, but her protests were weak and filled with joy.

The warmth and safety of their friendship allowed her to let go of her inhibitions, enjoy the feeling of helplessness.

Suddenly, as Lilly's tickling reached a peak, a soft hiss pierced the sound of laughter.

Jane's cheeks grew even redder as she felt the warmth spreading through her pants.

The dam had broken, and the pent-up urine began to escape, creating a new puddle underneath her. Amusement filled the group as they leaned in closer, their eyes wide with excitement, as they watched the wetness spread over Jane's crotch and a little bit down the legs of her shorts before gravity changed the course.

The sight of it was a strange mix of naughty and liberating. Jane's pee smell began to mingle with the sweet aroma of their snacks, creating a scent that was uniquely theirs.

Her laughter grew more relaxed, turning into a contented giggle as she gave in to the sensation of peeing in her pants.

Lilly remained straddled over her, her grin wide, watching the puddle grow. There was even some sort of pride in her gaze.

Jane's bladder released all of its content, the tension of holding draining away with every spurt of urine. She felt a strange sense of accomplishment, as if she had passed some unspoken rite of friendship.

Lilly, still on top of Jane, couldn't help but grin down at her friend.

"Glad I could be of service." she teased, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

Jane's laughter had turned breathless, her chest heaving as she finally allowed the last drops of her pee to leave her body. The wetness spread through her shorts and onto the tent floor, but she didn't care. The warmth of her pee, the stickiness of it on her skin, was a strange comfort in this moment of shared intimacy.

"Thanks." Jane gasped out, her cheeks a rosy shade of pink but her voice so filled with glee.

"I've never felt so... free."

The group looked on, their smiles a mix of amazement and affection. But suddenly Emma's face got a bit darker or better melancholic.

"I missed that so much, well, not necessarily the peeing in your pants part but just being with all of you."

She took a deep breath and looked around the tent, her gaze lingering on each of her friends.

"We all have our lives, I know, but we should have done this sooner."

Lisa nodded, her own face reflecting a hint of sadness.

"You're right, Em. We've missed so much of each other's lives."

Rachel chimed in. "But we're here now, and that's what matters."

Jane also nodded, gently pushing Lilly from her as she sat up.

"Yeah, yeah, enough of the sob story!" Lilly said, breaking the brief moment of melancholy with her characteristic sass.

"That just takes time away from our fun! So, anyone else bladder-shy? Who needs a little nudge?" She wiggled her eyebrows, her eyes darting around the group, her hands poised to attack and her lips widened in a almost sadistic smile.

"You perhaps Lynn?" Lilly grinned and raised her hands.

Lynn's eyes widened in mock horror as Lilly's mischievous gaze settled on her. With a playful yelp, she leaped into Emma's welcoming lap, her arms wrapped tightly around her love's neck as if for dear life.

"Don't let her get me, Babe!" she giggled, burying her face into the crook of Emma's neck.

'Babe' that word sounded so sweet and intimate coming from Lynn's mouth. It was like a warm embrace, wrapping around Emma's heart, and she couldn't help but smile at the playfulness of it all. She looked at Lilly, her glare playful and filled with love, her fingers wiggling in a silent 'bring it on' taunt.

“Don't worry, I got you!”

The moment of nostalgic sadness had passed, and the tent was once again filled with the vibrant energy of a bunch of friends letting loose.

They had the best of both worlds, the carefree abandon of their youth and the wisdom of their years. Six grownup women, each of them with their own life and yet here they sat on the floor of a tent as if time never had advanced beyond those sweet, awkward childhood moments.

Lilly took in the sight of Lynn in Emma's arms, her face a picture of pure bliss. It was a silent declaration that even a tornado couldn't rip them apart. She knew when she was outmatched and with a dramatic sigh she flopped back down next to Rachel.

"Okay, okay, you win!" she said, raising her hands in surrender.

"For now." she added, her eyes gleaming with mischief.

"Love prevails!" Emma and Lynn exclaimed in unison, their laughter mingling with the sound of the rain outside.

Rachel and Lisa shared a knowing smile, while Jane's expression was a mix of playfulness and affection.

Lynn remained nestled in Emma's embrace, the warmth of her lover's arms around her providing a comfort that was both soothing and exciting. She felt Emma's chin resting on her shoulder, and the gentle pressure was like a whisper of love against her skin. But it was just a short moment.

Emma leaned in closer, her breath a warm caress against Lynn's neck as she began to kiss her softly. The kisses grew in intensity, a silent declaration of their passion. Lynn felt a shiver run down her spine, her body responding to the tender touches. The sensation was almost overwhelming, the feel of Emma's lips against her skin sending waves of desire coursing through her.

With their new seating situation, the game of poker continued, albeit with a new twist. Lynn and Emma had become a single player, their hands entwined and their legs touching. Each time they had to decide on a move, they'd lean in, their faces so close that their breaths mingled, whispering strategies to each other. Lilly, ever the mischief-maker, couldn't resist poking fun at their infatuation.

"Oh, for crying out loud, you two!" she exclaimed, her eyes gleaming with playful annoyance. "This isn't a romance novel!"

It did not stop the two of them, quite the opposite, just to taunt Lilly they openly let their tongues play with each other.

Rachel and Lisa giggled, while Jane blushed, happy that the two found so much joy in each other.

"Well, if you're going to act like you're in a honeymoon suite, at least keep it PG!"

Lilly teased, rolling her eyes at them but with a wide smile on her face.

Rachel and Lisa couldn't hold back their laughter any longer. Jane's eyes grew wide as she took in the scene, her cheeks flushing a deeper shade of pink.

Emma and Lynn just grinned at Lilly's scolding, sticking their tongues out in unison, this time to mock her. It was clear that the banter was all in good fun, and it only served to deepen the bond between the friends.

But the playfulness took a sudden turn when Lynn leaned back into Emma's arms, her body relaxing into the embrace.

"I actually have to pee, Babe." she murmured, her voice a bit shaky but playful.

"But I'm really comfortable here."

Emma's eyes widened, understanding dawning on her.

"You mean..." she began, her voice trailing off.

Lynn nodded, her cheeks flushing slightly.

"Yeah, I mean... Can I?" She looked up at Emma with hopeful eyes, as if asking for a precious gift.

The air in the tent seemed to still as Emma processed the question.

Then, she leaned in and whispered.

"If you really want to."

Her lover's permission was all Lynn needed. She let out a deep breath and closed her eyes, her body going slack. The sound of her bladder releasing was soft but distinct, a gentle whisper that grew into a steady stream. Warmth seeped through her pants, soaking the fabric and pooling in Emma's lap shortly before soaking her short's too. Emma's breath hitched as she felt the wetness spread.

Her body was frozen in shock and arousal, her heart racing with the intimacy of the moment.

The sound of Lynn's pee mixing with her sensual breathing was intoxicating.

With surprise Emma felt Lynn's pee soak through the fabric of her own shorts and panties, the warmth spreading out in a gentle, wet embrace. It was a sensation she had never experienced before, and to her astonishment, she found it oddly comforting, a physical manifestation of the emotional closeness she felt with Lynn. Her eyes went wide, and she couldn't help the gasp that escaped her lips as the realization hit her, she was actually enjoying this.

As Lynn's stream grew stronger, Emma's own bladder responded. She felt the sudden urge to join her, to add her own contribution to this shared moment. Before she could think twice, she relaxed her muscles and let go. The sensation of her pee joining Lynn's in her lap was indescribable, a strange blend of warmth and wetness that resonated with something in her.

Their other four friends watched in a mix of shock and fascination.

Jane's eyes grew wide and she blushed again, while Lilly's grin widened into a full-on smirk.

"Holy fuck!" she said, her eyes wide as plates.

"Lynn, did you really just piss in your girlfriend's lap?"

Lynn, her cheeks flushed with pleasure, looked up at Lilly with a mischievous grin.

She nodded, her eyes sparkling.

"I still do mind you." she said proudly, not bothering to hide the excitement in her voice.

The tent was silent for a moment, the only sound the soft patter of their pee on the floor.

Then, Emma found her voice, somehow feeling she needs to back up her girlfriend.

"And I didn't stop her!" she said, a smile playing on her lips.

"In fact, I joined her."

The group was dazzled, their expressions a mix of astonishment and understanding.

For a moment they were all too surprised at the brazen display of the couple.

Sure they all wet themselves this weekend, and all liked it more than they were willing to admit loudly but this was a whole new level.

"You know, I think you're enjoying that a bit too much."

Lilly said but the smile and wink she gave them told a different story.

Her words hung in the air, a challenge wrapped in teasing banter. Lisa and Jane stifled their laughter, while Rachel playfully rolled her eyes at Lilly's unfiltered observation.

They all knew that they couldn't judge them without being outed as a great, big hypocrite.

"Maybe a teeny tiny bit?" Lynn replied with a sly smile, glancing down at the growing puddle between her and Emma. She couldn't deny the thrill of it, the way the warmth seeped into her skin, a deliciously naughty feeling that she hadn't felt in so long.

"Also, you all are just the same or not?" Emma quipped, her voice filled with mirth as she glanced around the tent.

Rachel and Lisa couldn't help but snicker, remembering their own moments of letting go and how they enjoyed it.

Jane's blush deepened as she recalled her tickle fight mishap, well....planned mishap.

"I have the excuse of my weak bladder! It's medical."

Lisa smiled cheekily, her eyes glinting with amusement.

"One way or another, we've all found something new about ourselves out here."

Rachel mused, breaking the silence with her commanding yet warm tone.

She leaned back on her elbows, surveying the puddles and the relaxed expressions of her friends with a knowing smile.

"And it's not like we're kids anymore, no one can tell us what to do. If we want to pee our pants and laugh about it, then damn it, we can!"

The absurdity of their situation seemed to hit them all at once, and laughter erupted within the tent like a cork from a champagne bottle. They had all discovered something about themselves this weekend, a freedom, a comfort, a thrill, a lost connection and Rachel's words perfectly encapsulated that.

Jane giggled.

"It's true!" she said, her voice light.

"Who knew we could still surprise ourselves like this?"

Lisa nodded in agreement, her gaze softening as she looked at each of her friends.

"And it's not just about the peeing, it's about being us again, no matter what that entails."

The group's laughter subsided into a contented murmur, the sound of friends who had just shared something profound and ridiculous all at once. They were adults, with jobs, families, responsibilities, and yet here they were, in the middle of a campground, embracing a peculiar shared joy without judgment. It was strange, it was liberating, and it was absolutely wonderful.

Lilly spoke up, her voice still filled with mirth.

"I'll drink to that!" she said, reaching for her water-bottle.

"Already refilling I see, hm?"

Lynn said with a knowing smile as she looked over at Lilly, who was lounging comfortably next to Rachel. The implication was clear, and Lilly couldn't help but laugh, her eyes sparkling with amusement.

Lilly's grin grew even wider as she winked back at Lynn.

"What? You jealous, Lynn?" she teased, her voice dripping with mischief.

"Maybe just a little, but it wont take long till I can go again." Lynn replied, her voice low and filled with a teasing undertone.

The poker game resumed, but the conversation had taken a decidedly more intimate turn. They discussed the sensations, the rush, and the sheer absurdity of their newfound fondness for wetting themselves and how to go on from there, their words flowing as freely as the pee just moments ago.

Lisa, the most experienced, shrugged and spoke up.

"Honestly, I've been doing this since Luke was born." she said, referring to her bladder issues post-pregnancy.

"Gary and I have had more than a few quickies with me in wet pants. It's just the rush of the moment and boy what a rush it can be!"

She put an emphasis on her last word which made the group giggle and grin with naughtiness.

Even Jane, the shyest of them all, couldn't resist the seductive allure of their newfound freedom. She looked around at her friends, her cheeks still a rosy hue from their earlier revelations.

"I-I've been thinking." she began, her voice barely above a whisper.

"I might... I mean, I would love to try to get Mike involved into it."

Their expressions shifted from surprise to intrigue as they considered the implications of bringing their spouses into this secret world of shared wetness.

Rachel leaned in, her eyes glinting.

"How do you plan to do that?"

Jane's blush deepened, but she met Rachel's gaze.

"I'll start by peeing with my legs open in front of him." she said, her voice gaining confidence.

"I can do that. At least at home I mean. And maybe... maybe I'll see if he's interested."

The tent was filled with a pregnant silence, the rain outside a gentle backdrop to their conversation. They all knew that for Jane, this was a huge step. Rachel nodded slowly, understanding the bravery it took for her friend to voice her desires.

"And what if he's not?" she asked gently.

Jane swallowed, her eyes darting to the floor.

"Then, I'll just keep it as our little secret." she murmured.

"But I think he might like it. He...is much more...adventurous than I am."

The other women shared knowing glances, each one of them imagining their own partners' reactions. They were all married, all happy, but they hadn't missed the way something changed between them since they'd arrived at the campground. It was as if a door had been opened that none of them had realized was there.

"Let's make a pact!" Rachel said, her voice firm.

"We'll all at least give it a shot with our husbands. If it doesn't work out, we won't push it. But if it does...." she leaned in, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

"We'll have even more fun in our relationships and more to talk."

They all agreed, their nods a silent affirmation of their newfound adventurous spirit. It was a thrilling thought, bringing this intimate part of themselves to their marriages. They knew they'd have to be careful, but they were eager to try and hopefully explore more of this.

Lilly leaned back against Rachel's side, a wicked smile playing on her lips.

"And if it doesn't work out with the hubbies." she began.

"We can always have our own little peeing parties."

Rachel chuckled, ruffling Lilly's hair.

"You're always thinking one step ahead, aren't you?" She said, her voice filled with affection.

Jane's eyes widened at the thought.

"That could be fun!" she admitted, the excitement clear in her voice.

Lisa looked around, smiling.

"Then its settled. Leaves one question, are we playing more poker?" She grinned.

But before Rachel could even shuffle the cards again, Lilly stood up.

"Wait, gotta take a piss first."

The others look at her questioningly.

"Why are you going up for it? Suddenly cold feet?" Rachel joked.

"Nah, I got something else in mind." Lilly replied with a wink and a grin.

With a confident stride she walked over to the tent corner.

"Hey Lisa, mind if I get a little wild?" she asked with a mischievous smile, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

Lisa looked up from her poker hand, curiosity piqued.

"Wilder than peeing in your pants?" she replied with a smirk and shrugged her shoulders.

"Well, its a bit late for second guessing anyway, I have to deep clean the tent no matter what."

With that, Lilly turned around and faced the wall, her eyes glinting with excitement.

She took a moment to line up, her hand hovering over her shorts like you see in a western movie when the hero duels the villain.

Then, with a grin, she tugged her shorts and panties down to her ankles, leaving them there.

Rachel couldn't help but stifle a laugh, while Lynn leaned closer to Emma, their eyes sparkling with anticipation. Jane and Lisa also looked curious what Lilly was planning.

"Ready?" Lilly called out, her voice filled with glee.

"Here goes nothing!"

With that, she began to pee.

At first, it was a tentative dribble, the warm liquid landing half in her pants and half on the floor. But as she pushed, her stream grew stronger, a gentle arc of golden liquid that sprayed against the tent wall. Rachel and Jane watched with fascination, while Lynn couldn't help but cheer her on.

"Go for it, Lilly!"

And she did go for it. Lilly swayed her hips, the warm stream of her pee arcing out and soaking the tent wall. It was as if she was painting a picture with her bodily fluid, a masterpiece of unabashed freedom and joy. The fabric of the tent grew darker, the scent of urine mingling with the smoky aroma from the campfire outside.

"I always wanted to try this! Men have it so easy but look!"

Lilly exclaimed, her hips moving rhythmically, spreading a larger and larger patch on the tent wall. Her pee sprayed out, a warm, golden arc that grew messier as she put her everything in it.

It was a display of raw and untamed wildness, giving in to the sensation of peeing of the wall fully.

"Hey! I have to clean all that! Leave some dry will ya?"

Lisa called out playfully, her voice a mix of mock scolding and genuine amusement.

Despite her words, the twinkle in her eyes gave away her true feelings, she was enjoying the spectacle as much as the rest of them.

Lilly giggled, her eyes shining with delight as she continued her peeing performance. She wiggled her hips from side to side, the arc of her urine shifting and growing in size, leaving a large, wet area on the tent wall.

Her stream grew thinner as she reached the end, her bladder now fully emptied, dribbling once again in her waiting panties and running down her legs.

"Alright, alright, I'm done!" she exclaimed, bending down to pull her shorts and panties back up.

But before she pulled her clothes back in place she decided to give them a show.

Wiggling her butt in a playful manner she spread her legs a bit wider, letting her pussy peek out for a second before she tugged her shorts and panties back up. It was a cheeky little show, one that had the group erupt into a fresh round of laughter.

Lilly returned to her place, picking up her cards with a playful grin. Rachel eyed her with a smirk, the light from the lantern illuminating her features.

"You're really have a bit too much fun with this hm?" Rachel said, her voice filled with humor.

"Pot, Kettle, Black." Lilly grinned, before she stopped.

"Wait, didn't I say this before today?"

Lisa nodded.

"Yep, I think I heard that as you peed in the shower." She giggled.

"Well, it still fit's." Lilly took a look into her cards as the game moved on.

"Rachel, don't you have to go?" Jane asked, her voice a little taunting.

Rachel looked at her, a knowing smile playing on her lips.

"Well, I do actually." Rachel admitted.

"But you know, with my job at the bakery, I've learned to hold it for hours. Sometimes there just isn't a good moment to go. But today." She paused, her eyes twinkling.

"Today I feel like pushing it a bit more than usual."

They all watched her, the firelight casting shadows on their faces, as Rachel took a deep breath. "Remember when we were on that river and I had to pee so badly?" she began, her voice filled with mirth.

"It was almost an accident, but thanks to Lilly, it was... intentional."

The memory of Rachel letting go into the raft and river was still fresh in their minds.

Now Rachel was eager to explore her limits further. She took a sip of her drink, her eyes never leaving her cards.

"I want to see just how much I can hold." she said, determination in her gaze.

"It's a weird game, isn't it?" She sheepishly added.

They all nodded, their giggles bouncing off the tent walls like a symphony of shared memories.

It was a staple of their friendship, these odd little challenges they'd concoct when they were younger, a way to push the boundaries of their comfort zones and build a bond that could withstand anything. And now, as grown women with their own families and careers, they were rediscovering that joy in the most unexpected and wettest of ways.

"Weird is our thing I would say, something we missed far to long."

Emma chuckled, her eyes glancing from Rachel to the others, the warmth of their shared experiences binding them closer together than ever.

"I have an idea."

Jane's voice pierced the lighthearted banter, her eyes shining with determination.

"We can't let this happen again." she said, gesturing around.

"We're in the age of the internet. We can't go another ten years without seeing each other. The odd phone-call doesn't cut it."

The others looked at her, intrigued. Rachel leaned forward, her curiosity piqued.

"What do you suggest?"

"We set up a weekly conference call."

Jane announced, her cheeks still flushed from her earlier confession.

"I know how to do it from work. It's not the same as being together, but it's the next best thing I think."

The group nodded in agreement, the gravity of her words weighing on them. They had all missed each other terribly, and the thought of going back to their separate lives without a way to maintain their bond this time was unbearable.

Lisa spoke up.

"But what if the kids are around?"

"That's even better, we don't have to make it spicy if it does not fit. But we could be a real part of each other's life again. Like we used to be." Rachel suggested.

They all nodded even more eagerly. It was a simple yet brilliant idea. Jane's proposal of a weekly conference call was met with a unanimous "yes". It was a way to keep the friendship alive, a way that would ensure they remained connected despite the miles and the years that had passed.

They threw out suggestions, considering everyone's work and family schedules. It was like a puzzle, fitting the pieces together to create a perfect picture of their future as a tight-knit group of friends. After some discussion, they settled on a Sunday evening, a time when the kids were usually in bed and the husbands were either busy with their own hobbies or understanding enough to give them some space, though they would still be welcomed if they wanted.

"And we'll keep it casual." Emma added, her voice warm with enthusiasm.

"A snack, maybe a drink, just... us, catching up."

Lynn leaned back against the tent wall, her eyes drifting to Emma.

"Maybe we can even share some... personal moments." she said, her voice conspiratorial , her eyes dancing with mischief.

The group shared knowing smiles, they all knew exactly what she meant. But they all agreed that the conference calls would be about connection first, everything else an afterthought and dependent on the situation at hand.

"If any of you need help with the PC's or setting up the video calls, I'd be more than happy to stop by." Jane offered, her voice filled with sincerity.

"I'm sure I can make the time."

Lilly's eyes lit up.

"And I can get you the hardware needed, if you don't have it already."

She said, her voice eager to contribute.

"That would finally be an expense worth spending."

Lynn leaned in, her hand casually brushing against Emma's thigh, her voice a low purr.

"I think I've got it covered, Jane." she said, her gaze lingering on Emma.

"Emma and I will have it set up in no time. And our weekends are going to be together anyway." The double meaning was clear, and Rachel and Lisa couldn't help but exchange knowing glances.

Emma's cheeks flushed slightly, but she met Lynn's gaze, a silent confirmation of their plans.

"Yeah, we're good." she said with a soft smile.

"But thanks for the offer."

Lisa nodded.

"I could use some help." she admitted.

"Gary's not the best with that kind of stuff, and I've got my hands full with the kids."

Rachel grinned.

"Same here. I can handle a kitchen fire, but a Zoom call? That's a whole other beast."

The group's laughter filled the tent, the sound mixing with the gentle patter of rain outside.

Their friendship was still as strong as in the past, each of them covering the others weaknesses, no questions asked. They had come together to reconnect, and in doing so, they had even discovered a new dimension to their friendship, one that was raw, honest, filled with a surprising level of intimacy and deliciously naughty.

"Great!" Jane said, her voice filled with relief.

"We'll all help each other out, just like old times."

They continued their poker game, the conversation flowing from one topic to another, but always returning to their future video calls. From now on they would never be truly apart, a comforting thought that brought warmth to each of their hearts.

Rachel felt her bladder reporting to her more frequently as the game went on, a reminder of her earlier challenge to herself. She took a sip of her soda, savoring the sweetness while her friends chuckled and bantered around her. She decided to play it up, her voice filled with a mix of drama and amusement.

"Girls, I've got to tell you, I'm getting pretty desperate over here."

The group looked at her, their eyes filled with a mix of curiosity and mischief. Rachel leaned back, one hand on her stomach as she pretended to wince.

"I'm like, 80% full, and it's not getting any better."

Her friends giggled, Rachel's playfulness a delight to all of them.

But amidst the laughter and the shuffling of cards, Jane noticed something else. Every now and then, Lisa's crotch would glisten briefly, a telltale sign that she wasn't playing Rachel's game of holding it in. It was subtle, almost unnoticeable unless you knew what to look for, and it sent a little thrill through Jane's body. She knew Lisa had had issues with her bladder since her second child, but she had never seen her so... carefree about it. It was like watching a butterfly emerge from its cocoon, shedding any lingering self-consciousness and embracing a newfound freedom.

Lisa caught Jane's gaze and grinned back, a silent acknowledgment that she had noticed.

Jane smiled, she also loved the wet feeling in her pants, and released a spurt of her own, astonished how easy it was this time for her.

The night grew later, and the air inside the tent grew thicker with the scent of their bodies and the faint hint of urine. They had played poker for hours, their laughter and stories a comforting pillow to fall into.

Sadly, time waited for no one, and as the clock ticked past 1 AM, the friends' energy began to wane. Jane had stopped playing a while ago, her head resting comfortably on Lisa's thigh. Lisa stroked Jane's hair absentmindedly, her own eyes half-closed with sleepiness.

“Maybe we should call it a night, as much as I don't have any mood for it.” Emma said, Lynn still in her arms on her lap, but also slowly growing more tired.

“I hate it when you are right, Em.” Lilly grinned, her own energy not as strong as before.

"Well then! I did it! I held it till bedtime!"

Rachel exclaimed with a proud grin, her cheeks flushed from the effort.

"Debatable! I mean, I counted four spurts!"

Lilly teased, her eyes sparkling with amusement. Rachel's shorts clearly was darker in her crotch. Rachel rolled her eyes playfully.

“I always managed to stop after just one dribble! This totally counts! But now.”

She leaned back on her hands and simply let go. The hissing sound of her pee filling first her panties and then her short's was unmistakable.

Rachel's eyes widened with surprise as the warmth spread through the fabric, she did not count on so much force. It was a sensation she had resisted all night, but now, it was pure, unbridled relief.

“Oh....that's....close to an orgasm!” She moaned softly.

A warm, wet patch grew around her groin, spreading quick like wildfire.

Rachel's thighs shone with the sheen of wetness, her panties utterly drenched as her stream grew even more intense. It was a moment of pure bliss, a firework of feelings and a testament to the capacity of her bladder.

The sound of Rachel's laughter filled the tent as she gave into the sensation fully. Her pee spurted out, soaking her shorts and forming a rapidly growing puddle beneath her. She watched, fascinated, as the fabric grew darker, the scent of urine growing stronger with each passing second. It was liberating, a moment of total relief.

Her friends watched with a mix of amazement and amusement, their smiles wide and genuine.

They had all seen Rachel's determination to hold it in, the occasional dribble she couldn't contain. But now, as she released the dam and peed unabashedly in her pants, it was clear she had reached her breaking point. The fabric clung to her skin, the material sticking comfortably to her curves like a warm, albeit wet hug, as she continued to empty her bladder.

The hiss of Rachel's pee hitting the tent floor grew quieter, the stream becoming a trickle, and then finally stopping. Rachel's chest heaved with the final sigh of relief, her body visibly relaxing as she leaned more back on her hands, her legs splayed out in front of her. The puddle she sat in had grown to a small lake, a testament to her iron will and the vast amounts of liquid she had been holding back all night. Her face was flushed, a bead of sweat trickling down her forehead as she looked up at her friends, a playful smile on her lips.

"Well." she began, her voice a little hoarse from the exertion.

"I think I've officially won the 'Who Can Hold It the Longest' contest."

They all laughed, of course she won, she was the only participant but it was still impressive.

As Rachel sat there, her legs spread in the puddle, the others couldn't help but feel a sense of awe.

"Looks like Rachel is going for a swim." Lilly quipped, her voice light despite the late hour.

She stood and stretched, her body aching from the long day of adventure and the poker night.

"I think I'll take a leak too before we call it a night." she announced, her eyes twinkling with mischief. Jane, feeling the same urge, nodded.

"Me too." She pushed herself up from Lisa's leg and followed Lilly to the corner of the tent.

The two of them stood side by side, ready to do what they had to.

Lilly began to unbutton her pants, her movements fluid and without any hint of reluctance.

Jane took a deep breath and mirrored her, the zipper of her pants whispering down as her cheeks reddened up. Jane felt a bit exposed as she pushed her underwear aside, she knew they all saw her like this many times but she still felt a bit shy, and honestly she kinda liked the feeling, maybe that was the reason she never overcomes it.

With a small sigh, Lilly began to pee, the sound of her urine drumming on the tent floor because of her high squat, droplets splashing back on her calves. Jane took a moment, her body hesitant, then with a little sigh, she allowed herself to relax. It was strange, now it took her longer than before as she released a spurt in her panties, maybe it was because she also felt a drop or two from Lilly, but she took it with stride, after what Lynn did with Emma this was nothing.

Her pee stream started, a little more shyly than Lilly's, but it grew steadier as she felt the warm relief flow out of her. The sight of each other's puddles forming on the ground and still barely measure up to Rachel's was another reason for a group laughter.

As they finished, they shared a defeated smile, the unspoken challenge lost despite being together. They did not bother wiping, after that evening it seemed more than redundant.

"What about you three?" Lilly looked to Lisa, Lynn and Emma.

"I took care of that the whole evening." Lisa smiled.

"And we are good too." Emma and Lynn grinned.

"I see, someone wants to play a little more hm?"

Lilly smirked, having a good idea why the lover's didn't use the chance.

They all giggled, especially Lynn and Emma but no one judged.

After that they all undressed to change to their sleepwear. Lisa once again only wore panties while Jane dressed back in her pink pajamas. Rachel slipped into a flannel shirt she left open, making it easy to take a glimpse on her panties and breasts. Lilly wrapped herself in a male shirt, belonging to her husband and Emma and Lynn once again opted for t-shirts and panties.

"It's a shame that tomorrow the magic will end. Well, kind off."

Rachel mused as they all got into their sleeping bags.

"But I'm excited for our new plan!" Rachel's voice had a sparkle to it that suggested she was quite excited to open their new chapter together.

They all knew what she meant by 'magic'. The weekend had been a revelation, they found a new connection in each other. Not just the old one they had but a new one that, while a bit kinky, still had something more to it. It showed that they still had something special between them and this time they planned to claw into it and never let go again.

"It will be great! Sure no comparison to in-person but still better than missing you all."

Lisa said as she climbed into her sleeping bag. The tent grew quieter as they all settled into their respective sleeping bags. Jane felt a little bit of pride and accomplishment that she had this idea. She watched as Lynn and Emma slid into Lynn's sleeping bag, the material straining to accommodate them both. Despite the tight fit and the fact that they couldn't zip it up fully, they managed to snuggle together with the ease of long-time lovers, their faces glowing with contentment. A blanket helped to cover them fully. The friends couldn't help but tease them as they cuddled closer under the thin veil of darkness.

"Looks cozy in there." Rachel said, her voice filled with warmth.

"You two sure know how to make the most of your situation."

Lisa leaned back on her elbow, watching with a knowing smile.

"If you need any tips, just ask. I stacked my kids and their toy's in smaller spaces."

She said with a wink.

As Rachel reached over and dimmed the lantern, plunging the tent into mostly darkness and made the atmosphere more intimate. The sudden absence of bright light was almost tangible, wrapping them in a cozy embrace that seemed to shrink the space between them. Outside the sound of the rain grew softer, a gentle lullaby that sang them into a sense of peace. The tent was filled with the odor of their bodies and the faint smell of urine. It was an intoxicating blend, a reminder of the day's adventures and the evening's revelations. And none of them felt disturbed by it, it rather heightened the intimacy between them.

Jane felt a strange comfort in the shared space, the knowledge that they were all there for each other, no matter what. She glanced over at Rachel, whose chest rose and fell in a steady rhythm. Rachel's arm was flung above her head, her hand just brushing the tent's fabric.

The quiet was filled with the sound of their breathing and the soft rustle of the sleeping bags.

Emma and Lynn had nestled themselves in their makeshift lovenest, the outline of their bodies pressed against each other, a silent promise of what was to come when the others had drifted off to sleep. The teasing of their friends had only added to the excitement, the anticipation of their private moments together. Lilly lay on her back, her hands folded behind her head, staring up at the tent ceiling. They all wished each other a good night before silence gradually filled the tent.

The occasional soft snores began to emerge, painting a serene picture of their slumber.

However, Lynn and Emma, snuggled together in their shared sleeping bag, weren't quite ready to succumb to sleep. Their whispers were faint, a secret shared only between the two of them.

"Does Tina know that you are gay?"

Lynn whispered, her voice barely audible above the gentle patter of rain on the tent.

Emma shifted closer to her, the warmth of their bodies melding together as they lay in the darkness. "Yes, she does." she replied softly.

"My whole family does, it was kinda a necessity. You know, my brother is basically like a dad to her, if she need's a male voice she goes to him."

Her voice was low, but filled with a hint of pride.

Then Emma giggled.

"The hard part will be when I introduce her 'aunt' Lynn as mommy's new girlfriend."

Lynn's eyes widened with surprise.

"What do you mean by 'aunt'?"

Emma leaned closer, to feel even more of Lynn's closeness.

"It's what I call all five of you." she whispered.

"Honorary aunts to Tina. You know, to make her understand just how much you mean to me.

She knows of course that you all are not her real aunts but still."

Lynn sighed.

"That is so sweet, Emma. It really is. And I can't wait to meet her. I hope she likes me, as your girlfriend I mean."

She leaned in and kissed Emma on the forehead, lingering there for a moment before pulling back. She knew that Emma had always had a soft spot for all of them, but to hear her say it out loud made Lynn's heart swell with affection.

"Why wouldn't she, its not like you are total stranger's."

Emma smiled, bringing a little bit of ease to Lynn.

"I'm just nervous Ii guess. It's important to me that I don't come between you two." Lynn sounded a bit more insecure than she tried to let on.

"Don't worry!" Emma whispered, her hand tracing small circles on Lynn's shoulder.

"You won't. I promise. And now stop worrying, let us enjoy the time we have."

And with that Emma leaned in to kiss her, gently letting her fingers dance over Lynn's back.

Their kiss grew stronger, a silent declaration of their feelings that transcended the confines of their friendship. It was a kiss that spoke of passion and desire, a promise of a future filled with love and understanding. After they broke the kiss Lynn smiled.

"So, tell me babe, why didn't you pee before we snuggled in?"

Her voice was low, a playful tease that sounded through the darkness.

Emma let her fingers wander over Lynn's side.

"Well, might be the same reason why you didn't." she teased back, her voice a low purr.

The air grew thick with a different kind of tension as their eyes met in the dark.

Lynn's hand paused, her cheeks flushing with lust in the dimness.

"I might have had a bit too much to drink, and should have gone." she murmured, her voice a soft confession.

Emma's laugh was low and intimate, a shared secret in the quiet of the night.

"Looks like we're both playing chicken with our bladders.”

She said, her tone playful but filled with an underlying current of desire.

She reached up to trace Lynn's jawline, the touch sending shivers down Lynn's spine.

Their whispers grew quieter, the conversation taking on a more sensual tone.

"Maybe we should see who breaks first." Lynn suggested, a mischievous glint in her eyes.

Emma leaned in, her breath a warm tickle against Lynn's ear.

"Or." She whispered back. "We could just let it happen."

Lynn couldn't stop a stupidly wide grin from spreading across her face.

It was like Emma had read her mind.

"You really get me, don't you?"

She whispered, her voice a mix of amazement and affection.

Emma smiled

"I try to, its not as hard as it sounded when you first admitted that you like pee....also...honestly it was super sexy as you peed on my lap. I liked it, a lot more than I thought I would."

"Really?" Lynn was surprised but also excited.

"So....we really do this then? Are you sure you don't mind sleeping in a wet sleeping bag?"

"Well, it will be a bit... different."

Emma admitted, her voice a mix of hesitation and excitement.

"But as long as I'm in your arms, I'm pretty sure I'll sleep like a baby."

Her eyes searched Lynn's in the dark, looking for reassurance.

Lynn's smile grew wider, her eyes sparkling with understanding.

"Trust me, Babe." she whispered.

"It'll be fine."

She reached out and took Emma's hand, giving it a gentle squeeze.

"I will hold you the whole night."

Their fingers intertwined, and Emma felt a warmth spread through her. The thought of sleeping with Lynn, feeling her warmth and her love, was more comforting than any blanket could ever be, wet sleeping bag or not.

She took a deep breath and nodded.

"Okay." she murmured. "I'm ready."

Lynn's smile grew, and she leaned in closer, her breath hot against Emma's skin.

"And who should go first?" she whispered, her voice filled with a seductive tone.

Emma swallowed hard, feeling her heart race.

"You." She managed to say.

"You're the one who started it."

Lynn chuckled softly, her eyes gleaming with lust. She shifted slightly, gently pulling Emma's leg up, trapping it between hers. The position was intimate, Emma's thigh pressed tightly against Lynn's crotch.

"No turning back now, I got you!"

Lynn whispered, her voice a seductive promise.

Emma could feel the warmth of Lynn's body, the anticipation building as Lynn leaned in closer, her breath hot against her neck. The first few drops of urine hit Emma's thigh, sending a jolt of surprise through her. But it quickly gave way to a warm feeling that spread through her body, a mix of excitement and comfort. The sound of Lynn peeing grew louder, a gentle hiss that seemed to echo through the tent. Lynn's panties were quickly soaked, the fabric darkening as her pee flowed freely. The warm liquid spread through the fabric and onto Emma's skin, the sensation unfamiliar yet oddly erotic. Emma's grip tightened on Lynn's hand as she felt the heat spread, the sensation of being bathed in Lynn's golden nectar making her heart race.

Lynn's moan grew louder, a soft, needy sound that sent shivers down Emma's spine. The pressure on her thigh grew more intense as Lynn's stream continued. Emma could feel the wetness spreading, her own desire building as she became more and more aroused. As Lynn's pee began to slow, she leaned in and kissed Emma deeply, their tongues dancing together as the last few drops left her. "Your turn." she moaned into Emma's mouth.

Emma took a deep breath, the warmth of Lynn's pee against her thigh making her own bladder ache with need. She nodded, her eyes never leaving Lynn's.

Emma's mind raced, somehow she wanted to make it special for Lynn. And then she got it, she gently pushed Lynn on her back crawling on top of her lover. The sleeping bag was tight, but it didn't matter, not right now.

"This is going to be more fun!" she whispered, her voice filled with affection and passion.

Lynn's eyes went wide, she didn't see that coming.

"Emma!" she whispered, a hint of surprise in her voice. But she didn't resist, she had an idea what was about to come and she liked it. Emma now lying on top of Lynn smiled, her eyes twinkling with excitement.

"I hope this works out like I hope!" she whispered, her voice a seductive promise that sent shivers down Lynn's spine.

Rachel, Lisa, Lilly, and Jane were close but their breathing steady and rhythmic.

They were either sleeping deeply or pretending to, giving the couple the privacy they needed for their intimate moment.

With a gentle nudge, Emma positioned herself so that her pelvis hovered just above Lynn's, the fabric of her own soaked panties pressing into Lynn's already wet ones. She took a deep breath, feeling the warmth of her bladder, and allowed the dam to break. The difficulties from the morning to start peeing her panties were gone. Now, she felt a strange thrill as she felt her golden stream release, coating Lynn's crotch with a new layer of warm wetness.

The scent of their combined arousal filled the air as Emma's pee flowed freely, soaking through the fabric and pooling between them. Lynn's breath grew shallow, her eyes closed as the golden cascade rushed over her pussy. She couldn't hinder another moan escaping her lips, louder than she wanted.

The sound of the pee hitting the sleeping bag, the feeling of the warm wetness spreading between her legs, it was all new to Lynn. She never had someone indulge with her in her kink on that level.

As the final drops of Emma's pee fell, she let herself glide from Lynn, her cheeks red with lust and affection. She settled back into her place beside Lynn, her own panties now soaked more and clinging to her skin. Lynn's hand searched Emma's waistband and dove into her panties.

"Please don't be mad at me but...I can't take it any longer." she whispered.

Emma, still riding the high of her own release, looked into Lynn's eyes, understanding and desire filled her own gaze.

"There's nothing to be sorry for, Love." she murmured, her voice thick with need.

"If you wouldn't have started it I would."

Lynn's touch was feverish, her fingers tracing Emma's slick lower lips, gently parting them.

The sensation sent waves of pleasure through Emma's body, her eyes rolling back in her head.

She mirrored Lynn's actions, her hand sliding into the wet fabric to find Lynn's clit, already swollen with anticipation.

Their breaths grew ragged, their whispers lost in the symphony of their heat. Their movements grew bolder, the warmth of their urine mingling with their arousal. Emma's thumb found Lynn's clit and began to circle it with expert precision, her other fingers slipping into her wetness. Lynn's hips bucked, a soft cry escaping her as she felt Emma's fingers inside her, stroking her deep.

Their moans grew louder, echoing in the confined space of the tent. They knew the others were only asleep, but the intensity of their passion was too much to contain. Rachel stirred, but a gentle snore assured them she was lost in dreams.

Like a whirlwind their hands moved in harmony, each giving and receiving pleasure. Their kisses grew more urgent, tongues dancing as their bodies grew taut with desire. The warmth of their shared secret was a balm against any embarrassment, any doubt. They were two souls intertwined, lost in the throes of passion. And then, as if triggered by some unspoken cue, they both climaxed. Their bodies tensed, muscles clenching as they rode the wave of pleasure together. The sound of their shared ecstasy filled the tent, a testament to the depth of their love and connection.

In the aftermath, they lay tangled together, breathing heavily, their hearts racing in unison.

The warmth of their shared passion lingered in the air, a sweet scent that was uniquely theirs.

"That was....wonderful...." Lynn gasped between heavy breaths.

"It was." Emma murmured, also trying to catch her breath.

It took them more than a few moment's to regain their calm again but they were happy, having shared a special moment that would just mark the beginning of their sexual adventures.

After they finally had their breath under control again, they listened to the sounds of their surroundings. The occasional rustle of the sleeping bags and the steady patter of rain outside served as a gentle lullaby, but it was the sudden sound of Lilly's stifled giggle that broke the serene moment.

"Somebody's going to sleep like a baby in that wet spot."

She teased from her own sleeping bag, her voice light with mirth.

Rachel, Lisa and Jane couldn't hold it in any longer either, their own giggles joining in the chorus of joy that bounced around the tent.

Lynn's cheeks burned red, and Emma felt a blush spread across her chest, but they couldn't help but smile at the playful teasing. It was all in good fun, and they knew their friends well enough to know that there was no malice behind it.

"You're all terrible, that was a really intimate moment!"

Lynn said with a grin, her voice muffled by her embarrassment but without sharpness.

Rachel chuckled.

"We're just happy for you two. And let's face it, we're all adults, we have sex. I just did not think you would go all the way with us all around."

Rachel's voice was light and teasing, but there was no judgment in it.

"We still should sleep now, good night all of you."

Lisa yawned, reminding them all of the late hour. Another wave of good nights made the round before they all snuggled back into their sleeping backs.

Emma's head rested on Lynn's shoulder, their breaths syncing as sleep began to claim them.

The fabric of the sleeping bag was sogging underneath them, the warmth of their combined pee though created a somewhat cozy feeling. Their hands found each other again.

The first rays of sunlight began to peek through the tent's windows, casting a soft glow over Rachel's sleeping form. Her eyes fluttered open, and she stretched herself, feeling the heaviness in her bladder. But as she saw her friends in various states of slumber she decided to hold it for a little while longer. It was Jane who was the next to fully awaken, bolting upright with a start.

The cold shock of wet fabric against her legs had jolted her out of a peaceful slumber. She blinked in the early morning light, looking down to find her pajama bottoms soaked and clinging to her legs. For a moment, she was frozen with disbelief. Her heart raced as she realized she had had an accident in her sleep. The horror of the situation began to wash over her, but she quickly recalled the events of the previous night. The laughter, the camaraderie, the shared secrets and experiences.

Jane's panic slowly receded, replaced by a strange mix of embarrassment and acceptance. After all, they had all been so open about their bodily fluids and the disregard for pulling their pants down. She took a deep breath and glanced around the tent. Rachel had noticed her friend's distress and sat up, her eyes searching Jane's. Jane gazed back to her and with a crooked smile, she whispered.

"I had an accident! I wet myself in my sleep."

She was not really sure how to react to it herself, feeling both embarrassed and full of joy.

Rachel, with a playful smile, simply said.

"So what? You think after yesterday that's a bad thing?"

Rachel's voice was filled with mischief as she reached down and unzipped her sleeping bag to show her legs.

"Here, let me help you feel better."

Rachel whispered to Jane, her voice soothing. And then she grinned as she opened her legs just a bit and let go. Jane watched in amazement as Rachel's pee spurted forth, a warm, golden arc that flowed through her panties soaking them and the sleeping bag. Rachel didn't stop smiling the whole time, her eyes never leaving Jane's. Rachel's pee had a strong, musky scent, typical for her morning pee.

Lisa opened her eyes to the early morning light, the gentle sounds of her friends stirring around her. She took in the scene, her gaze landing on Rachel's playful act of solidarity with Jane. Rachel's pee glistened in the soft light.

"Oh good, you already started. So I'm not the first."

And with that a surprisingly loud hiss joined the splashing of Rachel's peeing. Lisa closed her eyes once again, sighing as her morning pee soaked through her panties and into her sleeping bag. Rachel and Jane giggled, the sight so strange yet oddly familiar and comforting. They just started this weekend with this new activity and still, the bond they had made it look like they did this for years. Jane noticed that her bladder was not fully empty and so she relaxed again, her body feeling the urge to let go once more. The already cold pee in between her legs warmed up again with the new wave of release. She started to giggle and it grew into a laughter, joined by Lisa and Rachel who finished their pee.

Emma and Lynn woke from the commotion, realizing the situation in a second they both blissfully released their bladders in a silent agreement. Wetting each other again as their legs were still a bit tangled. Their kiss grew more passionate as the warm liquid soaked the sleeping bag beneath them. Rachel looked over with a twinkle in her eye.

"Looks like you two don't waste any time." Lisa quipped.

"Is there a dry sleeping bag left?" Rachel asked playfully, scanning the tent.

Her question hung in the air, a silent challenge to the others.

"Wait a second!" Lilly called out, her voice filled with mischief as she watched Rachel.

Then she sat up and her face relaxed, another soft hiss could be heard.

"Nope, not one!" she laughed as her pee drenched her panty, changing its color from pure white to a stained yellow.

The joy and laughter of the group could be heard even outside the tent, luckily they were still alone, most likely thanks to the event from the evening, despite the rain.

"Well, it definitely has its perks to simply let it flow." Jane giggled, looking down at her pee-soaked legs, her earlier embarrassment forgotten in the shared laughter.

"Yep, I will absolutely miss this but I will miss you all even more. Thank god for the conference call plan." Emma said with a chuckle, breaking the playful silence.

"It's like we're back in the schoolyard, only with more... adult topics."

Rachel's eyes twinkled as she glanced at the wet spot on the sleeping bag between Lynn and Emma, hinting at their nighttime escapade.

The tent was filled with a mix of laughter and nostalgia as they all nodded in agreement, their shared experiences from the weekend having brought them closer than ever before. Not that they weren't close before, they always saw themselves as kind of sisters anyway. Sisters that had each other's back, shared everything, and had a deep bond. But now, they had something else to share, something that was uniquely theirs.

They had discovered a new dimension to their friendship, one that involved accepting and embracing each other's kinks and bodily functions without judgment. It was a bond that was both liberating and incredibly intimate, a bond that transcended the typical boundaries of friendship.

As they all lay there in the warm, pee-soaked sleeping bags, Rachel couldn't help but feel a twinge of sadness.

"We've got to do this more often."

She said, her voice filled with genuine longing.

"This weekend has been... amazing."

"We will!" Lilly assured her, her voice still light with laughter.

"We've got our weekly calls to keep us all connected, and maybe we can plan more trips like this."

"But it's not just about the peeing." Lisa added, her voice a bit more serious.

"It's about being here, together. Sharing everything, just like we used to do."

They all murmured their agreement, the warmth of their friendship filled their hearts like their pee did to their clothes. They knew that their lives would never be the same, that this weekend had changed something fundamental in their relationships. Of course they never were shy about peeing in front of each other, but now they twisted the knob to eleven, and they loved it.

They peeled themselves out of their sleeping bags, stood up, stretched their limbs and made themselves ready to face the day. Rachel was the first to break the silence.

"Well, I for one need a shower, and I'm dying for some of that amazing breakfast from the cafe."

She announced, her tummy rumbled softly to drive the point home.

"Me too!" Lilly chimed in, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

"I hope they have the pancakes again, they were so tasty yesterday."

Rachel nodded in agreement, her face breaking into a wide smile as she imagined the warm, fluffy stacks covered in syrup.

Lilly leaned closer to Emma, though she did not really kept her voice down.

"So, yesterday morning, was it Lynn or your bladder?"

Her eyes were sparkling with curiosity, a knowing smile playing on her lips.

Emma returned the smile, her cheeks flushing just a tad.

"Well, Lilly, what's a sleepover without a little mystery?" she replied, winking to her friend.

"You fucking tease!"

Lilly shouted, but while she tried to sound harsh her face was all smiles.

"Hey, leave my girlfriend alone! Who say's it wasn't both? Me and her bladder."

Lynn grinned and sent a wink to Emma, it was basically the truth but they wouldn't know.

The room erupted in laughter once again at this conversation. Lynn pulled Emma close and gave her another kiss.

Then they all started to get dressed, pulling on their mostly dry shorts from the night before, they still had the scent from the last night on them. Though they didn't bother to change their panties, the stickiness of the wet fabric a reminder of their shared experience. Throwing on their t-shirts, they grabbed their fresh clothes and headed out into the warm morning sun.

They arrived at the showers, this time they sadly don't have them to their own but it didn't dampen their spirits. All of them already had empty bladders.

The shower room was a flurry of activity with other women of all ages already showering and getting ready for the new day. Steam and the smell of various soaps and shampoos filled the air.

Luckily they all found stalls adjacent to each other, with Emma and Lynn having to share which they did not mind in the slightest. The shower filled them with new energy and washed away the last remnants of their adventurous night. Of course they did not talk about the newfound habit in public, instead they discussed their plans to maintain this connection once they were back to their regular lives. But they all saw it in their eyes, the thrill of the night still lingered forever ingrained in their mind and their lives.

After they were done with their showers they made their way to the campground's cafe for breakfast, the scent of sizzling bacon and brewing coffee wafting through the air like yesterday morning. The breakfast was as great as the day before, even if the taste was a bit dampened by their looming farewell, at least the physical one. In spirit they never were apart as the weekend showed.

They sat around their table savoring the breakfast, letting the weekend pass by again, the re-connection, the newfound love, the hike and the picnic and of course the rafting adventure.

After they finished eating they returned to their tent.

As they started to pack up their belongings, the atmosphere grew more intimate. They let the more spicy topics return keeping the mood high despite a bit of melancholy hovering around them.

It was a wild weekend but it was theirs, and it wouldn't be the last. They already started to throw around ideas for another get-together, maybe the next time with their families as a whole.

The sun had already reached her peak as the friends finally had everything ready packed.

They had decided to take one last group photo to capture the weekend's memories.

They all stood in front of their tent, which was now nothing but a pile of fabric,ropes and metal poles, smiling broadly. Rachel grabbed the next best passerby and asked him to snap the picture, while the group of friends squeezed together, their laughter and chatter filling the air.

The photo captured the best of them, a wild bunch of crazy women, crazy in the best way possible. They thanked the man and shared the photo to each other. With the last bags and the tent in hand they walked together in a loose line, chatting and laughing as they carried their bags and coolers through the campground. The dampness of the sleeping bags was well hidden from onlookers.

Jane climbed into the back of Lisa's van to help her fit the bulky tent into it. As she shuffled around the gear, her hand brushed against something soft and bulky. She pulled it out and her eyes widened in surprise. It was a full package of incontinence pads, the exact kind Lisa had said she had forgotten to bring. Jane turned to look at Lisa, her expression a mix of confusion and amusement.

"Lisa, you said you forgot your pads."

Jane said, holding up the unopened pack with a playful smile.

Lisa, who was busy securing the tent in place, turned to look at her with a mischievous wink.

"Well, I might have lied a little." she admitted with a grin.

"I wanted to see if you all would be okay with me being as I am now."

The revelation hit Jane like a gentle wave of warmth, understanding that Lisa's openness had been a test of their old bond. Rachel, who had been walking nearby, heard the exchange and chuckled, shaking her head.

"You sly fox!" she said, her eyes sparkling with affection.

Lilly leaned into the van, her curiosity piqued.

"What's going on?" she asked, noticing the incontinence pads in Jane's hand.

Jane held up the package with a dramatic flourish, and the group erupted into laughter.

"So, you had a plan all along, huh?" Lilly teased Lisa.

Lisa shrugged, her cheeks flushing slightly.

"I wouldn't say that, it was more of a...test?" she said, her voice light.

"And it worked out better than I could have hoped."

Emma and Lynn, still hand in hand looked to her and grinned.

"Oh yes it did!" Lynn smiled giving a small peck on Emma's cheek.

“Yes, we reconnected and Lynn and me...well I think I owe you big time Lisa." Emma smiled softly.

Lisa looked over her shoulder with a smirk.

"Well, I might just cash in that favor in some way." she replied, the warmth of their friendship shining through her words.

The weekend was a whirlwind of adventure and re-connection, all thanks to Lisa's meticulous planning and determination to bring them all together. She had called each of them tirelessly, making sure everyone was on board and had all the details squared away. Rachel couldn't help but think back to all the times Lisa had texted and phoned, making sure that no one felt left out or unprepared for the weekend. It was clear that Lisa had put her heart and soul into making this trip happen, and it had paid off in spades.

The camping ground, which she had secured for them. The tent had been the centerpiece of their weekend, a symbol of their unity and shared experiences. It had been the perfect space for their late-night confessions and early morning giggles.

As they packed the last of their stuff into the vehicles, Rachel stepped up to Lisa, her eyes misting with gratitude.

"Thank you, Lisa." she said, her voice earnest.

"This weekend has been... I don't even have the words. But it's all because of you."

Lilly echoed Rachel's sentiment, hugging Lisa tightly.

"You're a lifesaver." she whispered, her voice muffled by Lisa's shoulder.

"I've never felt so... so me again."

Jane, who had been quietly watching the exchange, added her own thanks.

"You've given us all something incredible, Lisa. This weekend has brought back something in all of us. I'll never be able to thank you enough."

Lisa's face grew warm with the praise, but she waved them off with a chuckle.

"It was nothing!" she said, her eyes sparkling.

"Just a little bit of organization and a lot of love."

The group stood in a circle, their arms wrapped around each other's shoulders, the warmth of their friendship embraced them. They knew that this weekend would be etched into their memories forever, a testament to the power of their friendship.

As they hugged one last time before parting ways, they all couldn't help but feel a sense of pride in themselves. They had come so far from their schoolyard days, and yet, the essence of those carefree moments remained. All had grown into strong, independent women, each with their own stories and quirks, but bound by an unbreakable bond. And now they carried with them not just their memories but a newfound sense of belonging and love.

Lynn and Emma had the hardest time pulling away from each other. Their fingers intertwined, unwilling to let go. Rachel leaned against her car, watching them with a knowing smile, remembering the day before as they confessed to each other. Lilly and Jane exchanged glances, their faces soft with understanding. They knew what it was like to find a connection that went beyond friendship, a spark that lit a fire deep within.

With a final squeeze, Lynn whispered into Emma's ear.

"I'll miss you, but we'll make it through until next weekend."

Emma nodded, her eyes misting with tears.

"We'll talk every day!" she promised.

They all climbed into their cars and started their engines, the sound a cacophony of goodbye's, as they slowly began to drive away. Each car pulled out of their lot in a line, their tires crunching over the gravel as they waved through the windows. Rachel honked her horn, the sound echoing through the campground as they all pulled onto the main road. They drove in a convoy for a while, their cars a procession of friendship, before they turned onto the highway and headed their separate ways, for the moment.

Thanks all for your time reading my little story, hope you all had fun.

