Helen Parr/Elastigirl Desperation Story ideas

Author: Lyonsheart

*000*2021-10-18 22:14

Out of every character from any movie, tv show, etc. Helen Parr aka Elastigirl is the one I barely see any content about on this site. I mean it's freaking Elastigirl, She could get into any scenario involving omorashi. She Literally has STRETCHING POWER!@ Imagine how big her bladder can get! Anyway I'm gonna think of a story for her. Any Ideas?

*004*2021-10-26 03:32

{{On 10/21/2021 at 1:23 PM, The Shark said:

I really love the idea of her in the first incredibles getting stuck and unable to reach the toilet even if she could stretch herself to one! Like her leg gets caught by a bad guy but she cant stretch herself to a toilet thats open right near her. Or maybe her being out as a normal mom all day and trying to extend her bladder as much as she can but when she cant hold it anymore she cant access any bathrooms.

Another one could revolve around her suit. Maybe she can stretch around and be super flexible but what does that matter if her suit gets stuck. Her suit is so flexible too it cant rip so if she becomes trapped into it she cant rip it open. I could see maybe when she gets her new suit in incredibles 2 she is unfamiliar with how she gets out of it and is standing in front of a toilet after her first super long mission bursting to piss but she canf figure out how the suit comes off!

Just a few ideas. I'm thinking of writing something now about it since people are interested.

}}

I like the way you think. Hard to choose which is the best one though.

*006*2021-11-18 20:28

{{11 hours ago, Omo luna said:

You still thinking

}}

I am. got any ideas?

*009*2022-02-17 03:23

{{On 10/21/2021 at 1:23 PM, The Shark said:

I really love the idea of her in the first incredibles getting stuck and unable to reach the toilet even if she could stretch herself to one! Like her leg gets caught by a bad guy but she cant stretch herself to a toilet thats open right near her. Or maybe her being out as a normal mom all day and trying to extend her bladder as much as she can but when she cant hold it anymore she cant access any bathrooms.

Another one could revolve around her suit. Maybe she can stretch around and be super flexible but what does that matter if her suit gets stuck. Her suit is so flexible too it cant rip so if she becomes trapped into it she cant rip it open. I could see maybe when she gets her new suit in incredibles 2 she is unfamiliar with how she gets out of it and is standing in front of a toilet after her first super long mission bursting to piss but she canf figure out how the suit comes off!

Just a few ideas. I'm thinking of writing something now about it since people are interested.

}}

That sounds interesting (Sorry for the late reply)

*010*2022-10-17 04:26

So, @Bombality made this on his request thread as of a request of mine:

As you can see, Elastigirl somehow has a "Super-Diuretic" in her system and due to her elastic powers, It bladder will just get more filled unless she relieves herself. But unfortunately, she has a special mission to complete before she can. And It's going to be a long one. Let's hope she doesn't flood the place.

Go check out his request thread if you can. He does AMAZING work!

$/80485-bombalitys-alsmost-sfw-lightning-request-thread/page/11/?do=embed"

