Splatoon 2 pearl and marina fanfic

Author: LeakyPaint

*000*2020-11-11 13:07

JUST SO YOU KNOW: Marina and Pearl are both 18 or older (Pearl is 21 and Marina is 18.) which is actually canon. Nothing except their ages, species, and career (pop stars) are canon. Enjoy! Pearl slumped in her seat. What was Marina doing? She was always early except now. Inklings in the square are waiting for their news source! The stages couldn’t wait. And Marina said she was excited about the (this is not official.) new Splatfest. Pearl didn’t want to have to wait for her tall companion. Marina suddenly burst into the room, exasperated. “I had to wear a disguise in the square! Ugly clothes..” Marina was in her normal outfit, so Pearl assumed she changed before she entered the room.

“Let’s start Inkopolis News.” The music started, spotlights active. “Inkopolis News! We have breaking news.” Pearl said into the microphone. “Oh Pearlie, what did you break this time?” Marina sighed. “I didn’t break anything, Marina! I was talking about the SPLATFEST!” Pearl blurted. Splatfest noise initiated. “Oh yeah! The Splatfest of May 2021! (Not canon.) Marina sipped her Main-Up Lemon. “And this Splatfest is.. Regular vs Ranked!” Pearl cheered for Team Ranked. Marina clapped for Team Regular. “Which battle type is better? Head over to the terminal and pick a side!” Shortly after they announced the stages. Moray Towers and Skipper Pavilion.

Marina realized she needed to pee badly but she ignored it. Pearl and Marina finished the news and went back to the apartment building, and that’s when Marina had to stick her hands onto her crotch. Pearl noticed, realized instantly and dragged Marina into the bedroom. Marina was confused. “P-Pearlie what are you doing?” Pearl put her hands on Marina’s hips and slowly caressed her somewhat swollen, full bladder. Pearl couldn’t see anything through Marina’s thick shorts. Pearl took hold of the shorts edges and pulled them down slowly and removed them. Pearl then continued caressing Marina’s bladder.

Fresh hot urine leaks ran down Marina’s teal tights but she managed to keep control. Pearl pressed harder than before and Marina nearly lost control, pee spreading through her tights. Pearl suddenly removed her hand and told Marina to sit on the bed. Marina obeyed. Pearl removed the teal tights from Marina’s long legs. Marina sighed. Pearl then went with Marina up against the wall and pushed on Marina’s full bladder. Hot urine freshly delivered sped down Marina’s bare legs. She gasped at the release of her crotch and her gray panties were soaking and sexy. Marina fully lost control the second Pearl poked her bladder while caressing it firmly. Fresh hot urine sped down her legs and soaked the carpet. When the stream erupted into a full-on splat zone inking. After Marina’s releasing ocean ended, Pearl was soaked too. Why? She had also wet herself without realizing it.

I HOPE YOU ENJOYED!

