Chib: An Omorashi Fiction

Author: Astraptera

*017*2023-06-15 20:19

It's back. Posting is faster than writing, and I'm also doing an edit of existing chapters.

Chib Part 10

"All we know for sure is that the worlds of the multiverse exist, and so does the medium that connects them. Sometimes, pieces of that medium get cut off and gain a sense of self. No one is exactly sure how, why, where, or when it happens, but they tend to appear as shadowy forms with skulls for heads. Known as "Skull People" collectively, they have no power to create or destroy, but can move freely between interconnected worlds. Skull People can use that ability to move items, people, and concepts to new places, and influence worlds, ecosystems, and societies.

It was a skull person named Hyachna who showed the Andynes how to travel between worlds, earlier than all of the other peoples. Andyne hovercraft technology was perfect for adapting to interworld travel, and it was our homeworld that laid the first foundations for interworld trade."

- An Andyne Children's History of the Andyne Homeworld

Cyan jolted awake at a desk, in a classroom. It was dark, and an overhead projector whirred away in the back of the class, throwing an image onto the projector screen. There were posters on the wall that he could almost read, but the letters diffused themselves into nonsensical shapes when he focused on them. About a dozen more desks populated the classroom, all empty. His desk was along the middle aisle, in the middle row, and the projection illuminated the teacher's desk, also empty.

The desk's armrest dug into Cyan's side and he sat up. A paper sat in front of him, showing a wingless girl wearing an oversized bird skull, underlined with the neatly-printed words: "INTO THE FIRE."

Much to his annoyance, Cyan found that he was naked when he tried to slide out of the cramped school desk. His skin stuck unpleasantly to the slick surfaces, and when he'd finally freed himself, he found that he was blocking out the middle of the projection. Instead of a blank screen behind it, his shadow seemed to be burning a hole in the board. On the other side was a darkened grove of strangely monochromatic trees with small lights flickering in their leafy branches.

"AVARIS. THE NAME 'FIRE FLOWER' IS A MISNOMER," a deep, tinny voice exploded from a speaker on the teacher's desk. "THE LIGHT STEMS FROM A BIOLUMINESCENT REACTION. BY DAY THEY RESEMBLE CLUSTERS OF PLAIN WHITE OR YELLOW BUDS, BUT BY NIGHT-" the recording cut off in an ear-shattering burst of static. Cyan took that as his cue and retreated through the hole in the wall.

Color bled into the world as the static faded out, and a glance over his shoulder confirmed that the classroom was gone, replaced with more of the gently twinkling woodland. One of the closer clumps of leaves caught his eye, and he looked closer. The flowers grew in clusters, with a glowing center in the middle of five tiny petal-shaped prismatic flames. Cyan reached out to touch it.

"-already doing that, Azri," sighed Pia's voice. Cyan didn't need to open his eyes to know that Pia was on the radio. His bladder was full again, and he sat up, yawning.

"I'll call you same time tomorrow," Azri's voice rasped with the radio static.

Cyan skittered to the bathroom and sat down to pee. He'd had another stubborn erection on and off for the last few days, but didn't mind waiting to do something about it: he could already feel himself trying to fall asleep again. He leaned forward, resting his face in his hands, with his elbows on his knees. In the other room, the radio shrieked as Pia hung up the receiver. Cyan stared at the glowing cave painted on the shower screen for a few seconds and closed his eyes. The world tipped into warm darkness.

He sat on a stone bench along a worn footpath. A cursory glance to his right revealed the familiar shapes of the stalactites, and the shimmering mist further in.

"I'm in the cave," he yawned aloud to himself, and lazily turned to look left. To his shock, someone was sitting next to him. It was Avaris, and she was naked, with pale scars dotting and crisscrossing her body. Her melon-pink eyes widened and they stared at each other for a long moment, until Avaris abruptly gasped, opened her legs on the bench, and urinated, raising her hips a bit to steer the flow. She stumbled and had to grip Cyan's shoulder to keep her balance.

Cyan wanted to examine the scars on Avaris's body, but a more urgent part of his brain pulled his gaze downward, to her gushing quim. It took an unexpected amount of effort to look back up at her face, and he blushed when he found her staring intently back at him.

"Are you-" She breathed. "You're Cyan, aren't you?"

Cyan blinked. "I think so."

Cyan jolted awake to a knock on the bathroom door.

"Cyan? Are you almost done in there?" Pia's voice echoed.

"Um-" Cyan looked down and found that he was now fully hard. He watched himself throb and noticed that his heart was racing. "I'm not sure."

"Everything okay?" asked Pia.

"Oh yeah-" Cyan paused, blushing. He didn't know how he was going to explain-

"I'll give you some privacy then," said Pia. "I'm just in time to water the tomatoes, too." Her footsteps retreated as she hurried out. Pia would occasionally go out and "water the tomatoes" when Cyan was in the bathroom. The thought of Pia peeing on her tomato plants only made the throbbing more intense. He blushed again and tried not to think about it.

Cyan's bladder was well past the bursting point. He strained to let some out, but the clear fluid bubbling from the tip of his urethra wasn't pee.

There was nothing for it. Bracing his feet on the floor, Cyan gripped his cock in both hands and went to work. Before he could stop it his mind provided the image of Avaris sitting next to him on the stone bench-

The tension rose in the pit of Cyan's stomach.

"Keep going until it stops coming out," Azri had instructed him during a particularly awkward visit the previous week. "And make sure you get a sample so we can test it." Usually, the memory deflated his desire, but Cyan had been ignoring it for days. He had just enough time to aim it so that he didn't spatter the floor again.

Cyan came in half a dozen shuddering bursts. There had been a lot more than usual, and somehow he'd kept it contained to the toilet bowl. He slumped forward, panting.

When Pia entered her air skiff, Cyan was having a long, loud piss in the bathroom. He fell asleep right after he emerged, slept through lunch, and stayed almost stubbornly asleep when the radio fizzed to life about an hour later. It was Saoirse, and she and Pia had one of their brief, coded conversations.

___

Chib Pt 11

Azri dropped onto her hotel bed after a long day. Her lodgings in Chocolate Smudge were a little sparse, but the bed was clean, the blankets were soft, and the shower had a compact little waist-height walk-in bathtub. She was just considering making herself a soothing bubble bath when someone knocked on the door.

A bright-eyed young Haman woman in a hotel uniform and cap stood in the hallway, holding a stack of envelopes addressed to conference attendees, two of which she held out to Azri.

"Special delivery, Ms...The...um...Destructor?" said the young woman.

"Azri The Destructor, that's me," said Azri. "Thank y-" the young woman had bowed and skittered off around the corner. "Thank you!" she called. There was a far-off reply, and Azri shut her door.

Azri slipped her finger under the seal on the first envelope and pulled out the various papers onto the small desk next to her bed. There was a "fun" sports-themed activity day planned for her and her fellow conference attendees, and the front page advised her to bring a set of clothes that she wouldn't mind playing "foot the ball" in.

"I think I'll have a bubble bath day instead," Azri yawned. She set aside the papers and surveyed the next envelope. The letters "CSM" were monogrammed at the top right corner, and the fancy card paper used for the envelope was thicker than its contents. It had a string closure that had just been looped twice instead of tied, and the top was partially torn along the top fold. Azri opened it and pulled out a sheet of paper with the test results from the samples she'd brought. Something fell out when she turned it over, wafting lazily to the ground at Azri's feet. It was a note.

Chocolate Smudge had a reliable telephone system, and every room in the hotel had its own line. Azri contemplated using it to call the Chocolate Smudge Medical complex and glanced over at the digital clock by her bed. It was half past five on a Friday afternoon, and their business hours had ended half an hour ago.

Azri kept her evening radio call to Pia brief and to the point: the radio was the only way to communicate in the less permanently-settled parts of their world, Waypoint R/H-4, and there wasn't any way to prevent their conversations from getting intercepted. May normally kept radio contact to a minimum when either of them had to go out of town, but with Cyan in the mix, they'd decided to minimize contact. Even calling Pia was still pushing it, and Azri was Pia's physician.

Earlier that day, Cyan started his first walk around nine in the morning. He'd found a series of geological documentaries on Pia's television and had started walking the trails in the trees around the dockyard to observe the various rocky outcrops on the plateau. He hadn't seen Avaris since their meeting on Tuesday, but he always gave her squat little aircraft a glance when he passed it. That strange thought recurred every time he saw it, but he kept forgetting it as soon as it left his mind. He'd tried repeating it, bringing Pia's notepad with him to write it down (he'd forgotten the pencil that time), and the previous day he'd attempted to say it out loud. He'd got as far as "I've only-" before the thought flowed out of his mind like water.

That wasn't the only reason Cyan had started his morning and evening walks since Wednesday by passing Avaris's aircraft. Today was different though: it wasn't there. The boardwalks that had bordered it on three sides were empty and the power and water hookups still had their adapters attached. Cyan's mind flashed back to a diagram, and he wondered where he'd seen it.

Cyan made himself lunch around one in the afternoon. He had cold sandwiches, made with an Azri-approved version of "chicken salad," whatever that was, from a container in the refrigerator. As he sat down at the table with his food, a shadow passed within view of the window.

Avaris rushed down the stairs to the water and power hookups as soon as she'd set the Limpet, her aircraft, to hover. All of her deadlines for the day had been met, all of her weekly shopping was done, her aircraft's various tanks had been emptied and cleaned, and once they were all connected she'd finally be able to use her toilet again.

She pressed her legs together under her dress while she unscrewed and reattached the corresponding parts, the need to pee making her hands shaky and clumsy. She was wearing some leak protection, but it had only been insurance when she was sure she wouldn't wet herself: she'd forgotten that the dockyard at Cloudwater Cove was closed again, and hadn't been able to make a pit stop there on the flight back.

Avaris's bladder spasmed painfully as she screwed in the last attachments.

"Just-" Avaris groaned under her breath. "Just another thirty seconds." A hot drip escaped, warming her pussy, and she stepped back to look over her work. She saw that it was good, but there was a problem. The way up to her door suddenly looked a lot longer than it had a few seconds ago. Her groin felt hot, and she couldn't stop her body from shaking.

Avaris's urethra quivered, and she knew she wouldn't even make it to the stairs. Her heart raced and she tried to remember who might be around to see her. Mayra and Pia would be out at least until five, and the only remaining person she knew of was Cyan. She remembered that he'd said Pia went under the boardwalk in emergencies. It was a nice thought, but it was too late now. Avaris drew up her skirt, did an awkward half-curtsy, and pulled aside her underwear.

The breeze felt nice on Avaris's thighs. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, re-checking her work while she sprayed the ground. Avaris had deftly managed to avoid wetting her dress, but some urine had splashed her legs and feet, soaking into one sock. The rest soaked eagerly into the parched ground, leaving a deceptively small damp patch.

"Darn it," Avaris snorted, though without conviction. The day was already hot and arid, and even before this, she'd been planning a leisurely shower and a long nap. She'd just toss her shoes and socks in with the wash.

Avaris's flow took a long time to trail off. The pressure of it had caused a noticeable divot in the formerly dry, silty dirt. As she finished, she squatted to let herself air dry and heaved a deep sigh of relief.

*018*2023-06-19 19:02

I'm up to Part 25, so might as well post more chapters.

Chib Part 12

5 Years Ago, Continued

Avaris jolted awake at her table. The clock on her phone said it was half past nine in the morning, but it was still dark outside. She went around to look out all of the windows and found that except for hers, all of the aircraft had gone from the yard. It took a long moment of intense squinting, but there was no mistaking it: the dockyard host's spot was empty too.

The walk to the laundry room was quick, and before she knew it Avaris found herself at the laundry room door. Her bladder spasmed; it was getting full from all the tea she'd had, but it was okay because she was still wearing-

Avaris opened the door into a hot, misty grove.

"Oh no," she tried to say, but her lips didn't move.

"Have you got your sleeping bag?" her own voice whispered. Avaris watched a younger, skinnier, and short-haired version of herself duck into the clearing through low-hanging branches, followed by the orange-skinned amphibious woman from the laundry room. Something in the air changed, and the woman's inky violet eyes found her.

"That and more," said the woman without missing a beat. "You staying hydrated?"

"I'm drinking what I need," Avaris heard herself scoff. There were a lot of things she wanted to say, but she couldn't. The memory was replaying like a recording; at the time they'd both been seventeen, but the woman had retained her age from the laundry room. Though there weren't any mirrors to confirm it, Avaris's streaked curly green hair rolled lazily over her shoulders, which meant she'd retained her current age too.

"If you drink a whole bottle of water," said the woman, her face regaining the rounder shape of her younger self from certain angles as Avaris's memory filled in the gaps. "I'll make out with you, Lady Nucifera."

A pleasant hot blush radiated down Avaris's face. Her sleek brown wings shifted, and a throb in her groin reminded her that she was currently much closer to wetting herself than she'd been that day at summer camp.

Avaris had drunk the entire bottle of water with a bravado that made her cringe to remember it, and was already creeping through the forest, holding her wings tightly at her sides. Aalis - the woman's name was Aalis - took a few loud drinks of her water behind her, and Avaris's brain reminded her that this was a good place to pee.

The scenery changed again without warning. She stood at the door of an old but well-maintained cabin. Aalis had shrugged off her pack and was pressing her legs together, watching Avaris try each key on an ancient key ring.

"Just go right here," said Avaris. She tried a key that didn't quite fit and jiggled it anyway. "Nobody can see, and I don't think there's a bathroom in here anyway-"

"What?" gasped Aalis. She wore a sports bra and shorts set that emphasized her long limbs and thin stomach. She was so skinny that Avaris could tell when her bladder was full, and it had already been bulging when they left. Avaris ignored another warm throb beneath her knee-length skirt.

The key fit in the lock, and Avaris heard the lock thunk open with a thrill of satisfaction.

"Avi," gulped Aalis, blushing a brilliant teal. She stood at the bottom of the stairs to the cabin, fumbling with her shorts. A small wet spot stood out in her crotch. "Could you-"

Avaris stepped down the stairs, spread out her wings, and folded them around Aalis before realizing that she was directly facing Aalis, practically watching her. She tried to turn around, only for Aalis to grab her hand.

"You don't have to."

Not really knowing what that meant, Avaris stepped closer to Aalis. She could see every strange, pale freckle on Aalis's face, glowing against the color in her cheeks.

"You're in the splash zone," said Aalis quietly. "You might want to move, or at least move your skirt." Avaris looked down at herself. She wore her blue school sweater and a long, heavy school skirt. They'd fit her well before she'd lost weight for her flying trials, but they were loose and baggy on her now. She wore a belt to keep her skirt up, and it pushed into her bladder.

"I should probably go too," Avaris intoned along with her younger self. She gathered the thick fabric of her skirt, careful not to show the bandages on her left thigh, and spread her feet apart. The cool air felt good on her legs. Now in position, Avaris took a deep breath and looked up to find Aalis's face almost touching hers.

"Are you not wearing any underwear?" asked Aalis as the first few drips escaped her.

"Only outdoors," Avaris said slowly, acutely aware that she was watching Aalis pee. Her eyes snapped back up to Aalis's.

"You can watch if you like," said Aalis in a voice that made Avaris's heart skip. Aalis stretched her shorts open wider, revealing her vulva. A fine layer of green pubic hair covered her up to her lower belly, and her inner labia stuck out in beautiful curtain-like folds that channeled her pale gold urine into a messy stream. Some of it splashed Avaris's legs and ankles, and it helped her let go too. Avaris opened her floodgates, pissing at a high volume for what felt like several minutes.

"How long have you been holding that?" asked Aalis while Avaris slowed to a quick drip. The relief was real, and Avaris tried to resign herself to what she was about to wake up to.

"Since we got on the bus this morning," sighed Avaris.

They had gone into the cabin after that and set up their bunks, where they would be hiding out together for the next few days.

Avaris opened her eyes. She was still at her folding table, her phone was dead, and she was still whizzing away copiously into her "protective underwear." It felt good, and she let herself wake up slowly, listening to the quiet whooshing noise and enjoying the spreading warmth on her bottom. Aalis - if it had even been her - was gone when Avaris ventured back out to grab her clothing and sleeping bag about an hour later.

__________________

Chib 13

Azri spent Saturday watching movies from a warm bubble bath in her hotel room. Her work laptop sat on the bathroom counter, close enough to her room's little walk-in bathtub that she could use her old wired headphones to listen. The laptop speakers echoed off the tiled walls without them, and she didn't want anyone in the hallway to think she was in.

Around six in the evening, Azri couldn't put it off anymore and left her room for some food. Each floor of the hotel had a vending room with a hot drink and instant noodle bar, a vending machine full of snack foods, a refrigerated machine with sandwiches and fresh produce, and another full of frozen food, with colored dots on top corresponding to color-coded settings on the microwave.

Azri loaded herself up with everything that looked good and skittered back to her room with her hot and cold foods stacked precariously in her hands. She had to hurry: the note in the medical envelope had told her she'd receive a call at exactly six-thirty.

"We'll see about that," Azri said to herself, closing the door to her hotel room using her butt. The digital clock next to her bed read 18:27.

The first ring came exactly as Azri's clock hit six-thirty. Azri picked it up, munching on a snack cake.

"Good evening," said a familiar voice on the other end. Azri frowned.

"Hi," said Azri cautiously. "You're calling about my lab results?"

The voice seemed flustered. "No...I'm calling about Mayra Eneko, the owner of the Black Iris dockyard."

"Oh is that what the dockyard is called?" said Azri. "I didn't even know it had a name."

"It was called the Overlook Orchard until Lady Mayra Eneko bought and converted it..." the voice paused dramatically. "Forty years ago. Before that, it was the Bluebell Dockyard."

Azri sighed, staring longingly at a bowl of lemongrass glass noodles. "So you're saying this isn't about my lab results?"

The voice on the other end plodded on. "The real Lady Mayra Eneko sold the dockyard and moved out to Shell Bay-"

"Listen, if you're about to tell me that my girlfriend isn't who I think she is, you can save your breath," said Azri coldly. She folded out her disposable fork and stabbed at her lemongrass noodles. "She's trans, not evil, and she's not even the only person I know who's taken on a new name. People do it all the time on waypoint worlds like this." The voice on the other end hesitated for a few seconds.

"She used to be involved with the project that experimented on your patient, C. Williams. Miss Eneko's name back then was-"

"Why are you calling me about it now?" interrupted Azri. "Do you want something from me?"

"I'm just warning you to be careful," said the voice. "Segoe's phone system isn't secure, so I had to wait until you were out of town."

Azri took a long moment to passive-aggressively slurp her noodles before responding, "Is this line secure?"

"Yes," said the voice. "And just in case, I paid for an extra calling card to encrypt this call for two minutes."

Azri waited for the voice to add something, but there was only silence. "Calling card. Alright. Why did you open my envelope if you didn't want the test results?"

"I didn't look," replied the voice. "I just opened it to slide in the note and it ripped on me. Sorry about tha-"

The line clicked abruptly, leaving Azri alone with her food. The clock's display read 18:32.

Cyan took his Saturday evening walk around seven in the evening. There was a rounded rock formation in the orchard by Miss May's airship that he wanted to look at, so he grabbed Pia's notepad and a pencil on the way out.

The weather was hot and humid, and it made Cyan sweat in his clothes. May and Pia were in town that evening, taking Azri's children to sports practice and helping with school projects. Cyan had wanted to go with them, but neither May nor Pia would let him.

Cyan took a full water bottle and a floppy bucket hat to keep the sun from burning his scalp. He noted that Avaris's aircraft was gone again before hiking determinedly in the opposite direction, toward the old orchard attached to the dockyard

The path Cyan chose took him past the dockyard's main entrance. A spindly metal staircase snaked down the sheer side of the plateau, reinforced with extra anchors and emergency hover plates. He had a sprawling view of the valley below; the town of Segoe sat clustered on the edges of the lake that filled the bottom of the valley. The lone mountain loomed in the east, and the forests beyond blurred together into the distance. The sheer scale of it made his stomach drop, reminding him that his bladder was almost full.

As Cyan made his way down the stairs from the boardwalks, a shadow against the sky made him look up. Avaris's rounded, hexagonal aircraft lowered into view, turning so that the nacelles on the bottom were visible against the sky.

"I've only seen that in books," he said faintly. For a split second, he had a different name. A different life. He had a husband and two children, and a certification in genetic engineering from-

Cyan blinked. He was himself again, watching Avaris's aircraft descend back to her site.

The rock formation that he wanted to look at jutted out of the southern end of the orchard, and he made notes about it in Pia's notebook in his slow, square hand. He sketched the formation's distinctive red and black stripes on the next page, trying to take his time like Pia had taught him, but every time he stood still for too long he got all hot and clammy. He could climb partway up the rock to feel the breeze, but without the trees, he had to stand in the baking evening sunlight. He decided it was time to go back when he ran out of water, and emerged from the tree line near the northwestern corner of the dockyard.

Cyan tried to navigate the boardwalks to get back to Pia's airship and meandered his way across the yard for several minutes. Pia's airship was in sight, but he was getting lightheaded and didn't trust himself to drop off the walkway.

"Cyan?"

Cyan jumped: Avaris was standing next to him. She wore another floaty green dress that almost matched her hair, embroidered with pink and yellow flowers. Cyan realized somewhat dimly that he was only about ten yards away from Avaris's aircraft.

"Are you alright?" asked Avaris. Cyan felt himself blush, but his face was already flushed. "Cyan?"

The next minute was a blur: Cyan swayed on his feet and Avaris caught him, using one of her wings to help steady him. She steered him up and inside and sat him down at a little folding table next to her front door. Strangely, the front room that Avaris ushered him into was tiled from floor to ceiling, had several showerheads and faucets at various points along the wall, and a dark gray folding screen, secured next to a toilet.

"Is this a..." Cyan's head was swimming. He paused to pull himself together. Avaris set a glass of water in front of him, and he drank it all without thinking.

*019*2023-06-20 23:25

Just one chapter this time. I might start padding it out with some character art.

Chib Pt 14

"Yeah, that's one of the original Limpet features," said Avaris, sitting down. "I've been told it's an insult to Andynes but it-" she stopped short and took up a long moment just slurping her water, shuffling her wings bemusedly. "Being a Limpet owner isn't so bad, especially when you can find the parts for it."

Cyan felt a wave of nausea and took another sip of water. Avaris's air conditioner was efficient, but it just made the sweat on his skin feel cold and slick. A showerhead stuck out of the wall behind him, with a mesh camping cot against the wall underneath, upon which sat a pillow and rolled-up sleeping bag. Maybe if he moved the cot-

Cyan sat up in what he immediately recognized as a camp cabin, in the middle of the night. He heard breathing next to him and jumped, leaking hot urine into his shorts. On the bed next to him was a young Amphibious woman, with orange skin and a moisture-conserving bonnet over her hair, curled up tightly in her sleeping bag.

"Aalis," he whispered, except his voice wasn't his. He extended an arm to nudge the girl, and found that it was in a dark blue sleeve. His hand was small and tan. "Aalis, can you please move your legs?"

Cyan sat up on his haunches, and something pulled at his back: he had a set of large, mottled brown feathered wings.

Aalis slept on and stretched, further blocking the only way off the bed. Cyan felt his bladder start to let go and clenched up just in time to stop it.

"Aalis, come on," he whined in the voice that wasn't his. After a long desperate moment, Cyan decided to crawl over Aailis and make a run for the door.

Hoisting his wings up high, Cyan lifted one leg over Aalis. It was shorter than he remembered and clad in a thick skirt, which acted as a barrier as he lost his balance and straddled Aalis, leaking with each movement. She didn't wake up as he scrambled off of her and ran over the bare floorboards to the cabin's door.

A pleasant, cool petrichor greeted him on the porch. Cyan wasn't brave enough to descend the stairs in the dark, so he stopped at the top and raised his skirt. The fabric was already soaked.

"Damn it," he sighed halfheartedly. With the skirt out of the way, he spread his legs and relaxed, letting the urine cascade down the stairs in a sparkling waterfall. It occurred to him that his lap was filling with piss, but when he looked down he was still standing up.

"Oh right, I'm her," said Cyan in his own voice. Everything was starting to fade, and he noticed a long scar on his (her?) left thigh before he woke up.

Cyan's cheek was against the table, and stuck a little when he sat up, back at the table in Avaris's front room. Something cold and heavy lay across his shoulders.

"Cyan?" Avaris stepped out of the open bedroom door. Radio static echoed from somewhere behind her. "How are you feeling?"

"I-" Cyan touched the weight on his shoulders and found that it was a damp towel. "...What happened?"

"You uh...passed out," said Avaris, turning pink. "I've been on the radio with the nurse station at Segoe. How are you feeling?" she repeated anxiously.

Cyan felt much better; he'd cooled off, his headache was gone, and his bladder was empty. His shirts were soaked, but so were the rest of his clothes.

Avaris hesitated when Cyan asked about it. "You peed yourself. You're not in a bad place for it, all things considered."

When it was determined that Cyan wasn't dying, Avaris walked him back to Pia's air skiff. It was still oppressively hot, but they took a short trail through the trees toward Pia's air skiff. The trail was shady, filtering the wind whipping over the boughs to a warm breeze.

"How long was I out?" asked Cyan as the silver hull of Pia's skiff blinked into sight between the trees.

"Only about ten minutes," said Avaris, pulling her wings in to avoid some branches overhanging the trail. "Are you sure you'll be okay on your own?"

"Can you stay for a bit?" asked Cyan. "Pia's not supposed to be back until five or six."

Avaris was oddly reluctant to enter Pia's skiff, but Cyan tried to make her feel welcome.

"It's not Pia that doesn't like you, just D-...I mean Mayra," Cyan added while Avaris sat at the kitchen table. The temperature inside the air skiff was chilly, but neither of them had any complaints.

"Thanks, that's comforting," Avaris sighed, looking around.

"You're welcome," said Cyan. He felt like he was missing something.

Cyan had a shower, changed his clothes, and passed the time talking with Avaris. She was from the Haman homeworld, and had been traveling on her own for several years in her "Limpet" hovercraft. She knew enough about using the radio to fill several books and spent the next few hours explaining it to Cyan, drinking her water very slowly. Most of it went over Cyan's head, and he quietly resolved to watch Pia use the radio next time Azri contacted them.

Azri hitched up her bag and legged it up a steep grassy hill. The phone call the night before hadn't particularly bothered her, though she knew it would unnerve May.

Despite being the largest settlement in the region, Chocolate Smudge didn't have a formally designated area for aircraft; even during the busy season, the small city didn't see much air traffic. The grassy fields on the outskirts served as the public area for people to set down their airships.

"Azri! Hey Azri!" called a wheezing but familiar voice behind her. Not the familiar voice from the phone call, and unlike the last time, the name of the voice's owner sprang readily to Azri's mind.

Azri turned around. A young, sweaty pale-haired woman stood at the bottom of the hill, nursing a stitch in her side while trying to balance a heavy backpack. She'd grown her hair out well past her shoulders and it hung in double braids beneath her pointed catlike ears.

"Saoirse? You're here?" asked Azri. Saoirse began to plod toward her up the hill, so Azri set down her duffel bag and ambled over. "Are you here for May too?"

Still breathless, Saoirse puffed, "Yeah."

"Gimme your backpack," said Azri. Saoirse gratefully shrugged off her bag and Azri walked with her up the hill.

"Thanks," panted Saoirse. "I ran all the way here from the marina."

Azri's duffel bag was solid enough for both she and Saoirse to sit on while Saoirse caught her breath.

"Is it true?" Saoirse asked, glancing around. Mayra's aircraft wasn't visible yet, so Azri took her thermos out of her backpack.

"Tea?" Azri offered, pulling a paper cup from her backpack. Saoirse took the cup, and Azri poured another for herself. "Is what true?"

Saoirse leaned in. "That Pia found a dead body in Mayra's machine shop," she hissed.

"We don't have to whisper out here, Sersh," laughed Azri. "He's alive, and currently staying with Pia, since she's the one who bought the part."

Sometime in the next five minutes, May's small runabout airship faded into view, gliding along the coastline. Both of them finished their tea and Azri packed away the cups.

"You should probably pee before we leave," said Azri. "It's a long way back."

"How do you-" Saoirse overbalanced as she stood up and Azri caught her.

Azri stood up, stretching her legs. "The need to urinate is one of the more nagging impulses. I can sense it whether I want to or not with most people, even more so with those I'm used to."

Saoirse sighed, "Amphibious people are so weird."

"To be fair, I'm weird by amphibious standards," laughed Azri, waving her arms at the approaching aircraft. "It's why I live all the way out here, outside of the water."

The teardrop-shaped metal airship whirred up to them and leveled out about a meter off the ground. May parked with the back of the aircraft facing them and it had only stopped for a few seconds when the main hatch at the back opened and May burst out in a blue and tan blur, zipping across the short distance to greet Azri before zipping further down the hill. Having grown up on the Andyne homeworld, May used her wings to make herself half-glide for short distances. There was probably a homeworld term for it, Saoirse thought, but she'd heard Azri call it "zipping" aloud and the name stuck.

Saoirse shouldered her backpack to haul it up to the hovering craft, but Azri followed May, spreading her legs on the ground in a similar way to what Azri was doing. Facing away from Saoirse, May lifted her skirt and Azri crouched, her shorts around her knees.

"Sorry I'm late," sighed May, stretching her wings as her bright yellow stream splashed the grass. "I dropped Pia off at the dockyard before I left." Saoirse realized that she was watching them. It was making her need to pee too, and they were downwind of her so there wasn't much else she could glean from the interaction. Saoirse picked up Azri's backpack and marched determinedly up into the aircraft.

*020*2023-06-22 21:21

I padded it out with art. It takes even longer than the writing. Darn it.

___

Chapter 15

Pia arrived at her front door around six in the evening. May had been bent on keeping them out on errands while "that Nucifera girl" was staying at the yard, so all they'd done was fly out to The Six Mothers and Crystal Cove to look through hardware stores. Pia had hauled a heavy bag up to May's machine shop, and stopped to look out the window at the medical unit she'd found Cyan in. It had been moved out behind the shop, and May had been helping Pia dismantle it for parts: the door had been taken off, and the cylinder inside had been drained, the last of the blue-tinted fluid sat congealing on the unit's floor.

Pia was about to leave and lock up when a staticky voice echoed from the radio next to May's workbench. "Black Iris? Black Iris Dockyard, are you there? This is the Tinkering Scallop."

Reluctantly, Pia picked up. She knew the voice: "Lady" Jenkins from Shell Bay.

"This is Black Iris," replied Pia. The clock above the outer door read a quarter past five. "It's outside business hours but I can take down a message."

"I wanted to know if you had any larkspur sprockets. I had some customers today in looking for them." Lady's tone was casual, but there was something oddly measured about it. In any case, Pia had never heard of larkspur sprockets. She wrote it down on May's notepad and told Lady to expect a callback the next morning.

Pia thought about using the bathroom on the way out, but left quickly, in case any more calls came in. She took a long route home, skirting the shady perimeter of the dockyard. She didn't particularly need to pee, even after the long flight from Crystal Cove, but she needed to water her tomato plants for the afternoon.

Pia descended the stairs from the walkway near her airship and looped around the back. The watering can sat upside-down next to the planter, and the anticipation made her need to pee as she bent down to pick it up. She filled it using the spigot attached to her airship's water hookup, trying not to listen to the hissing of the running water. Her bladder throbbed, and she looked away for something else to focus on.

Casting her attention about, Pia heard Cyan's voice drifting over from the open bathroom window above her. It was faint, and she didn't think much of it until a feminine voice replied, sounding nervous. Pia frowned, but heaved the watering can over to her tomato planter. The soil was parched from the heat, and she took her time distributing the water before setting down the empty can and raising one foot onto the side of the planter. Pia gathered up her skirt, starting to dribble as she fumbled with the shorts underneath; they didn't open in the crotch but were stretchy enough to pull aside easily.

Pia pulled back on her outer labia and watched herself twitch. She let go in a strong stream and heaved a slow sigh of relief. She closed her eyes, whizzing away, and imagined Saoirse standing next to her over the tomatoes.

"You really had to go," Saoirse purred in Pia's daydream. It lasted for several more glorious seconds, and Pia enjoyed the sensitivity building up in her-

"No really, Pia wouldn't mind," said Cyan's voice from inside. Pia opened her eyes and glared toward the open kitchen window. "That's what it's there for."

Pia seemed to go on peeing for a long time after that. It still felt good, but she didn't know who was in her home or what Cyan was saying she wouldn't mind. She didn't wait to stop dripping when she finished and strode around the bow of her airship toward her front door. The door swung inward as she reached for the handle.

"I'll just be a minute-" Avaris Nucifera stood in the doorway and immediately locked eyes with Pia.

Saoirse sidled out onto the back deck of the small airship. It was the only part of the airship that wasn't inside the cabin. It had a retractable loading ramp and a wide gate making up part of the railing, which wobbled unsettlingly against its lock when Saoirse tested it. She eased over to a small corner of the deck. The railing was sturdier there, and she pulled down her shorts, freeing her tail from the back in the process.

"Darn it," Saoirse sniffed, squatting down. The air was uncomfortably warm, but the constant breeze around the craft made it almost chilly in the shade. Coastal grasslands were slowly giving way to the forests as they flew southward, and mud flats streaked inland in stripes of brown and bright green. The sky was red, edged with violet, and the gold rays of sunlight warmed Saoirse's limbs against the slowly cooling evening. Saoirse's flow started as a hissing trickle, picking up to a wide spray. She couldn't watch herself in that position, so she relaxed and leaned back, hanging on to the railing. She'd been good about not drinking a lot of water all day, until about half an hour ago.

Mayra had a new guest at her dockyard, who she'd ranted to Azri about at length. Saoirse had tried not to listen and Azri managed to change the subject, pulling out some of the snacks she'd brought from her hotel.

"I didn't just bring back instant noodles," said Azri, opening a bag with a cartoony-looking cricket in a cowboy hat on the side. The words around the cricket translated to "Potato Clouds." When Azri opened the bag, Saoirse smelled potatoes and cinnamon with no small amount of relief. She'd been expecting crickets. Azri let Saoirse have the bag and took out another for herself and Mayra.

"They're made with potatoes and chirp flour," said Azri, opening a new bag and holding it out for Mayra. Saoirse ate the whole bag and drank two bottles of water in the space of about twenty minutes. The urge to pee hit Saoirse suddenly, and she excused herself while Mayra and Azri discussed what was in the "Potato Clouds."

A gust of wind kicked up and blew some of Saoirse's spray back at her, but it only really got on her butt and dried quickly in the constant breeze. Saoirse tried not to dribble down the side, but she knew she was going to. Some of it had gotten on her shorts, and she saw it when she stood up.

"Ugh, no," Saoirse groaned, dropping back into a squat. "Oh well. I need a shower anyway."

Saoirse let herself drip dry and daydreamed about showering with Pia for several minutes before standing back up and going back into the cabin.

&&

*022*2023-06-23 20:31

Thank you! ❤️ I have a lot of existing character art, so I'm going to try to do at least one character pic or character sheet per chapter.

*023*2023-06-23 20:40

Including a "character sheet" on Avaris I made in December, compiled from various drawings of her from five separate documents.

____

Chib Part 16

Avaris was reaching her limit. She'd stayed with Cyan for several hours and had been trying to pace her water consumption, but that only worked for an hour or two.

"Why don't you want to use the bathroom?" yawned Cyan, sitting down across from her at the kitchen table. His color was almost back to normal, though sunburns had given the skin on his forearms, neck, and legs a ruddy violet tint. For the last hour he'd seemed tired, and would occasionally get up and walk around the kitchen if he started dozing off.

Avaris wanted to get up, but she knew she would leak. Her lower belly felt tight in her dress and it had been uncomfortable for some time. "It's...it's one of those things..."

"Those things?" Cyan repeated, rubbing at his scalp behind his left ear. The gesture was eerily familiar to Avaris, but she was too busy trying not to wet herself to give it any thought.

"I don't like using the bathrooms in other people's homes if I can help it," said Avaris, pressing her legs together. "If I don't know how the toilet works I don't want to get it wrong and ruin the plumbing."

"If you're not sure, you can just leave it. I'll flush it next time I use the bathroom," Cyan reassured her.

"Do you think that Cassiopeia would mind me using it?" Avaris clenched up to avoid an oncoming leak, tightening her wings nervously behind her.

"No, I don't think Pia would mind. That's what it's there for," said Cyan.

Avaris looked over at the open bathroom door and her stomach dropped. The front door was slightly closer. Her anxiety won out. Avaris stood up and scuttled quickly to the door.

"I'll just be a minute," she said, and pulled on the door handle. Cassiopeia Williams stood outside, glaring at her. Avaris's mind blanked and her bladder let go.

"Hi," Avaris said weakly, clutching at her dress. Her urine felt hot on her legs, running silently onto the linoleum floor over her feet and sandals. "Cassiopeia."

"Hi," replied Cassiopeia, bemused. "You're Avaris Nucifera."

Avaris gulped. She couldn't stop peeing but she also couldn't coax her legs to move. It felt good, which only made her more embarrassed. Cassiopeia placed her hands on Avaris's shoulders and guided her out the door. Once Avaris was outside, Cassiopeia backed away slightly on the walkway.

"Relax, you're outside now," sighed Cassiopeia.

"I can clean it up," Avaris's voice broke. "I'm really sorry."

"You have my explicit permission to use the bathroom next time," said Cassiopeia dryly. "Cy was right, that's what it's there for."

Blood drained from Avaris's face in cold prickles and she raised her skirt a bit. "You heard that?"

"Not all of it. Why are you here?" Cassiopeia sighed.

Avaris raised her eyes to Cassiopeia's inky crimson ones. Cassiopeia's expression was stern but not angry.

"I um-" Cyan stumbled out of the aircraft behind Avaris. "She's here because of me."

Cassiopeia looked to the side of Avaris. "Are those sunburns?"

"Yeah." Avaris couldn't see Cyan's face, but she could hear the guilt in his voice.

Cassiopeia sniffed, exasperated. "You're staying hydrated though?"

"I am," said Cyan. "I'm feeling a lot better."

A long awkward silence ensued, during which Avaris's flow stopped. She had to push to get the rest out, and stood, panting. Part of her wanted to cry, but she couldn't bring herself to relax that much.

"Would you like a towel?" asked Cassiopeia. Avaris gave her a small nod.

In the bathroom, Cassiopeia handed Avaris a towel out of a cupboard. "Leave the towel in the washer when you're done with it. I don't have any tops for wings, but if you need some shorts there are some you can use in the dryer." With that done, Cassiopeia started toward the door.

"Cassiopeia?" said Avaris.

"Just Pia is fine," said Cassiopeia. "Come out when you're ready and you can tell me what happened."

Pia was waiting for Avaris at the kitchen table, reading a novel when Avaris exited the bathroom. She closed the book on her thumb to mark her place when Avaris sat down.

"Where's Cyan?" asked Avaris. Pia gestured to the couch, where Cyan lay stretched out on his side, snoring softly. "That was quick."

"He sleeps a lot. I'm surprised he's been up since this morning," said Pia. "So, what happened?"

Grateful that there weren't any personal questions, Avaris recounted the events of the day.

The sun was setting when Mayra's transport craft touched down at the dockyard. Azri and Mayra left to make some food at Mayra's house, and Saoirse set off for Pia's airship.

The lights were on in the kitchen area when Saoirse reached the rounded metal air skiff. She could hear hushed voices inside. One was Pia, but she didn't recognize the other one. Saoirse resisted the urge to eavesdrop and knocked, smelling a scent much like one she'd noticed on the ride over. It had dried, but someone - the same person whose scent she'd smelled on Mayra's aircraft - had recently wet themselves on the spot where she stood. The smell had a distinct note of distress in it. One set of footsteps retreated to the bathroom, and the door opened. Pia stood there in a tank top and shorts, with her waist-length hair twisted up into a bun.

"Saoirse!" Pia bowled into her, nearly picking her up. "You're early!"

Pia kissed Saoirse, and Saoirse kissed her back enthusiastically. Someone else emerged from the doorway behind Pia, and Saoirse didn't need to see the person to know who it was.

"Did you come back with Miss May?" asked Pia breathlessly.

Saoirse nodded. "Yep. She picked up Azri too. They're having dinner at Mayra's, but Azri said she'll be here afterward to check on things." Saoirse could smell the newcomer's relief at...what exactly? When Pia stepped back to lead Saoirse inside, Saoirse looked up. "You're 'the Nucifera girl,' aren't you?"

The newcomer was about Saoirse's height, with large tawny-colored feathered wings. She wore a floaty green dress and had light green hair that almost matched it, tied in a high ponytail, and pointed ears. Though "that Nucifera girl" was quite tanned, Saoirse could see her blushing as easily as she could smell the woman's apprehension.

"That's me," said Nucifera miserably.

"I've heard quite a bit about you," said Saoirse.

"Saoirse, this is Avaris," said Pia. "Avaris, this is my partner, Saoirse."

"It's nice to finally meet you, but what are you doing here at this hour?" Saoirse asked. "And where's the person you found floating in the stasis cylinder?"

"Cy's asleep in the living room," Pia replied. "He passed out earlier and Avaris brought him back here."

Saoirse could tell from the mix of smells in the room that Avaris had been there for several hours. "Before you got home?"

"I stayed to make sure he was alright," said Avaris. It didn't smell like she was lying, but a pang of jealousy made Saoirse sniff the air again. There was something unsettlingly familiar about Avaris's scent, and there was something else in the background, both familiar and distressing. "I was supposed to stay until Cyan's doctor called to check in. Did you say she'd be coming here in person?"

&&

*024*2023-06-29 07:12

Whoops Saoirse is cosplaying Ellie from Jurassic Park. Except for the shoes I think.

###

Chib Part 17

Cyan sat up and stretched. He sat at a desk, fully clothed this time, but it felt like someone else's desk and someone else's clothes. The clothes fit, even with his wings, but the desk was several sizes too small. His knees were pressing against the back of the desk in front of his, and though he was definitely blocking out someone's view of the front of the classroom, none of the shadows at the desks around him seemed to notice. He tried to pull in his wings to make them smaller, then remembered that he didn't have wings.

He'd spent the last hour, according to the old analog clock on the wall, writing out an essay on Andyne mythology in careful, swooping cursive. Cyan didn't recall ever learning to write in cursive. He signed the top of the paper "Avaris" and unfolded himself from the confines of the desk. When he reached the front of the classroom, the teacher sitting there faded out, as though they'd only been a shadow. Cyan felt that he should be more alarmed about it, but his body turned away from the teacher's desk on its own and he walked through the same hole in the wall that he'd seen last time.

The dark woodland around him was in color this time. Dark green leaves shrouded little prismatic flames. He expected the flowers to give off heat in the cool night air, but they didn't.

A hand brushed Cyan's shoulder and he turned. It was-

"Hey Aali," he said in Avaris's voice. He - Avaris - was seventeen, on a school trip to a waypoint world, to see the flowers that she (he?) was named for: avaris. They were small and bloomed in clusters of three to twelve. During the day the avaris petals were transparent, almost ghostly in the sunlight, but at night they lit up, their sheer petals turning into flames of varying lengths and hues, depending on the species. It was some kind of bioluminescent reaction involving spores, and he (she?) knew that he should be taking notes.

Aalis, almost a head taller than Avaris, was dancing on the spot in the ambient light from the flowers. It made the pale freckles on her orange skin stand out, and her violet eyes glinted like metal.

"What is it?" asked Avaris's voice.

"There aren't any bathrooms here," Aalis whispered. Around them, flashlights bobbed through the trees. They'd come to that field on a biology field trip with about three dozen other students at nine-thirty at night. Like everyone else, Aalis, Avaris, and Cyan by extension wore their blue school uniform: a heavy wool sweater and long skirt.

Cyan followed Aalis down a darkened path, the branches brushing (her) his wings. The transition had been sudden and jarring, because this, it occurred to Cyan, was a dream.

"Can you see out here?" Avaris's voice asked in the starry silence as they crossed the flower fields, running away from their class.

"Not really, but I can feel the underground powerlines in my legs," said Aalis. As an Amphibious person, Aalis had neuroelectric nodes in her skin that allowed her to feel and interpret the various electric fields around her, whether from people, animals, certain plants, or sources of electricity. Avaris just had normal, slightly nearsighted vision equivalent to a human's, but she didn't need sharp vision to see the light over the trees: a yellowed floodlight illuminating another bathroom building. They rushed to the door and found it locked with an "Out of Order" sign taped to it at eye level.

"No," Aalis wheezed, pounding on the door. "No no no!" With no other option, she ran around the bathrooms. As Avaris, Cyan followed. He could tell what was coming and tried to backpedal and stop his feet, but it wasn't his memory.

As Cyan rounded the corner, Aalis raised her skirt. She had just enough of a stream beneath her hem for her piss to sparkle in the flickering gold-colored light.

"I need to go too," said Avaris's voice. Cyan tried to say something, watching himself squat on the grass, hiking up his skirt.

"No!" The word didn't come out. "No no no!" Cyan tried his hardest to wake up as his bladder let go.

"No-" Cyan sat up, flooding his shorts. He shambled to his feet, rushing past a thin, pale-haired young woman with catlike ears on the way to the bathroom. She sat at the kitchen table with a bowl of soup. Cyan caught a glimpse of the young woman watching him owlishly when he shut the door. He pulled down his shorts and sat on the toilet. His clothes were dark colored, at least, so he wasn't staining them.

Cyan didn't take long to finish, but he sat quietly for a minute or two after that, listening to the front door. He heard Pia's voice, and Azri's, along with one he didn't know. According to the bathroom clock, it was half past seven, well after the normal time for Azri's evening radio calls. Azri's voice sounded like she was on the other side of the door. He jumped at a knock on the bathroom door.

"Cyan?" It was definitely Azri's voice. "Are you okay in there?"

"Yeah." Cyan got up and pulled up his shorts. The cooling urine at least felt good on his legs where he'd been sunburned.

"May I come in?" asked Azri.

"Yeah," sighed Cyan.

Azri sidled in. "I'm back early," she said, looking him up and down. "You soaked your shorts. Good, good."

"Why is it good?" yawned Cyan. Now that he'd emptied his bladder his brain was trying to go back to sleep, and he couldn't understand why wet shorts were a good thing.

Azri launched excitedly into a jargon-heavy explanation of "the test results." Cyan wasn't sure what tests she was referring to, and she went on at length using words like "hydrostatic,"

"high-grade," and "anti-deregenerative properties."

Azri ended her lecture with, "But we'll just have to get a urine sample to test it on things at some point. Now go and get a shower."

"But the couch-"

"Most of it soaked into Pia's blanket," said Azri. "We'll just toss it in the wash with your clothes."

When Cyan was done showering and dressed in dry clothes, Azri took his vitals.

"There was a person with cat ears in the kitchen," said Cyan. He was more awake after the shower, but sleep was quickly ebbing back.

"That's Saoirse." Azri scribbled in her notebook. "She's Pia's partner."

Cyan tried not to yawn and failed. "Is Avi still here?"

Azri looked up. "Avi? You mean Avaris?"

Cyan nodded.

"She left about half an hour ago. I had to talk to Pia about her medication." The disappointment must've shown Cyan's face, because Azri added, "I'm the one who asked her not to wake you. I had your test results and medical matters to discuss with both you and Pia."

"That's what I'm saying," said Pia. "The unit had an attached battery, but it hasn't worked for years."

"I'd like to take a look tomorrow if that's okay," replied Saoirse. Pia caught Cyan's eye when he came out of the bathroom and introduced him to Saoirse.

"Nice to meet you," said Cyan. Saoirse gave him a curt nod.

"You smell very unusual," Saoirse declared. Already used to weird comments from Azri, he responded with a vague "thanks" and earned a narrow-eyed look from Saoirse before he plodded over to the couch and dropped down onto it. It was dry, but all of the blankets were gone. It didn't stop Cyan from falling asleep.

"What did you mean by him smelling unusual?" Azri asked Saoirse, slipping on her shoes to leave. Pia was in the bathroom, humming while she switched out the laundry.

Saoirse hesitated and stared down at her empty soup bowl. "I've smelled something like him before. It reminds me of fresh paint, but I know that's not it. I can't place it."

"A construction site?" suggested Azri. Saoirse shook her head. "A new airship?"

A face Saoirse hadn't seen in a while bobbed to the surface of her mind. "Are there any secure communication lines off-world around here?"

&&

*025*2023-07-07 09:33

Including an image of Del that I drew in May. Also this is the same place from Saoirse's Adventures on Literotica.

_______

Chib Pt 18

22 years ago:

It was almost midnight, and Del was the only passenger on the bus when it pulled up to the glass dome that housed the entrance to the front building. Del was there, by herself in the middle of nowhere, to fill a job posting lasting only two and a half weeks. The pay was good, and if she completed this assignment she'd be off for the rest of the quarter.

The company Del worked for bore the initials WS on all of its paperwork but she didn't know what it stood for. Each WS site was different and tended to name themselves according to the initials. Here, they were calling their operation "World Sleepers," which made Del think of a mattress factory. The building complex was certainly big enough to be a factory.

The light in the glass dome was on and the outer door was unlocked, so Del entered, hitching up her suitcase. Another glass door lay just inside the entrance. The hallway behind it was dark, but it looked like the main entrance. A pair of bathrooms sat within sight of the door and reminded Del that she hadn't used the bathroom since before she'd left home at a quarter to two that morning. Outside, the bus drove away.

When a tentative knock on the inner glass door got no response, Del went back out and looked around. Further up the road was a fenced-off parking lot, with a small booth at the gate. The shutters facing the road were closed, but there was a light on inside. Del thought she could smell hints of a nearby lake or river, and if she stopped to listen she could hear the quiet rush of waves somewhere close. The sound made her need to pee, so she tried to ignore it.

The security booth echoed with the tinny voice of a sports announcer. Del set down her suitcase, took a deep breath, and knocked on the shutter. She took out her employee ID and shook back her hair; the photo on it was of her with a buzz cut, but her wavy gray-blue hair had grown out to her jawline since then. She kept her hair pulled back for work, but she wasn't scheduled to be on the clock for another day and a half, so she'd worn it down on the bus ride.

While Del waited for the guard in the booth to respond, she tried to fold her wings behind her to look smaller. Despite being thin and wiry, Del stood at just under two meters tall, with large blue and tan feathered wings. She knew she was an imposing figure and tended to slouch or sit down when she had to meet people for work.

A minute went by, and Del knocked again. This time the tinny sports game stopped, and a panel in the shutter slid aside to reveal a pair of eyes.

"Oh hey it's a person," said a slow baritone voice. "Who're you?"

"I'm with WS," said Del, holding up her ID. "Security personnel." A hand reached out of the slot and took it, there was an electronic beep as the guard scanned the code on the back, and the hand came back out with the ID. Del took it back and put it in her pocket.

"You were supposed to show up tomorrow," said the guard plaintively. "I need to make a call. The keys aren't out here because we weren't expecting anyone." The slot shut with a clang that made Del jump. The night was warm at least, she thought, listening to the guard requesting the keys over his scratchy two-way radio.

Del felt exposed standing between the road and the fenced-off parking lot, keenly aware that she was several hours away from the nearest vestiges of civilization, and even further from the nearest hospital if anything were to happen. There was forest all around, filled with a cacophony of squeaks, croaks, chitters, yowls, whistles, and whoops from unseen woodland creatures. She'd been thinking of running off for a quick pee in the forest until a deep, sonorous scream emanated from somewhere close by. Del knew it was most likely a wading bird, but that didn't make her feel any better about it. She shuffled closer to the booth.

Over the next several minutes, all Del had to focus on was the growing need to pee, vaguely menacing animal noises, and the sports game on the radio. Eventually, a door in the front building opened and a figure hurried out through the parking lot. Del's bladder throbbed in anticipation. The door to the booth opened.

"Reteena said the keys were out here," said a feminine voice. "Maybe she-"

"Stay here, I'll go get them," grunted the guard. Del caught a glimpse of the man's tan uniform and long pointed ears before he faded to a squat shadow between the lights, plodding toward the door the figure had come from.

Del's stomach dropped, adding to the pressure on her bladder. Since the guard hadn't seemed to be in any hurry, Del figured she had time, and drew her wings around her to screen herself from the sides. She squatted a bit, pulled down her waistband, and let go. She allowed herself a deep but quiet sigh of relief-

"Aha! Found them!"

There was a loud clunk. The floodlight above the booth switched on. It was bright and blinding, and Del shielded her eyes with her free hand. The shutter in the road-facing window slid up, screeching in metallic protest. It made all the animal noises around them pause, leaving an eerie silence in its wake.

"Oh! Excuse me!"

Del looked up through her fingers, her heart racing. A head, draped with long green hair, pulled hurriedly into the booth.

"How long have you been waiting out here, sir?" asked the feminine voice. "If you're okay with answering right now. If not, take your time."

There was something so earnest about the voice that Del almost corrected them. She reminded herself that she didn't even know this person's name yet and gave their question some thought instead.

"Not long," said Del. She glanced down at her watch, found that the excitement had caused a minor inconvenience, and used her free hand to aim herself downward instead. "The guard called right after I knocked on the window."

"Do you umm...need anything?" asked the voice. "There's no toilet paper but I have a box of tissues here."

"I think I'm okay," said Del. The only sound was the quiet whoosh and splashing from her own stream. Animal noises were starting to creep back, but they didn't cover the sound.

"I'm Althea Tock, one of the physicians here," said the voice. A chubby, pale hand extended from the window clad in a long white sleeve, and it took a long, awkward moment for Del to realize that Althea meant to touch palms with her.

"Can we do that after I've washed my hands?" Del asked sheepishly.

"Of course! I didn't think of that," Althea gave a nervous laugh. "Here, I'll sign you in, shall I?... I see one andyne...last name Liliaceae?"

"That's me," sighed Del.

"You have a beautiful first name," Althea commented. "What do you usually go by, Delphinium Liliaceae?"

"Del is fine," said Del. Del's first name was one of the things she'd always liked about herself, but people often said it sounded too girly so she'd gone by Del since she was a teenager. "And thanks."

"I think I've got the right key," said Althea. "Did you want to um...wait until you finish what you're doing?"

"I um...yes," gulped Del. "I'm almost done."

Del finished and carefully readjusted her clothes as she stood up.

"All finished?" Althea's voice asked from inside the booth.

"Yeah," Del sighed. "Thanks for waiting."

Althea opened the door to the booth, rattling the keys as she selected the right one. Del grabbed her suitcase and stepped over to the gate, trying not to look at the puddle she'd left under the light. Althea was just a shadow at first, until Del's eyes adjusted.

Althea was Haman, about a head shorter than Del. She was curvy and wore a pair of large horn-rimmed glasses, with short pointed ears and long green hair, plaited in fishtail braids that joined at her clavicles in a traditional Haman hairstyle. Her oval face and dark eyes were friendly and open over her long white coat, under which she wore a pink floral blouse and dark slacks. It took her a moment to unlock the gate.

Since the guard still wasn't back, Del and Althea sat on two rickety folding chairs in the booth. The space was cramped for two people, so they brought their chairs outside and sat down in the parking lot. Del had enough room to stand up and stretch out her wings.

"That looks like a good idea," said Althea, stretching her arms. "How was the ride here?"

"WS paid for the express transports," said Del. The journey had taken just under twenty-two hours, rapidly hopping from one express transport or ferry to another, and once even chartering an airship transport when one of the ferries got delayed. "It was chaotic, but it took one day instead of three."

"That explains why you're here so early." Althea stood up when the door to the front building opened and the guard emerged.

"Oh, here's Alvin," said Althea. "Are you hungry, Del?"

Althea led Del through a maze of hallways in the main building, past the glass dome at the entrance, and down a long stairwell, at the bottom of which Althea had to scan her badge to unlock a heavy steel door. The corridors had gone from carpeted offices to cold cement stairways to blinding white walls and linoleum. A medicinal smell permeated the lower levels, and it gave Del a low-grade headache.

Althea and Del stopped at the bathrooms next to the cafeteria, and both washed their hands. The cafeteria was small and almost empty at that hour, and had a wall of self-serve vending machines in addition to the kitchen next to it. Del was pleased to find that one of the machines served pasta, and got three orders of it with a bottle of water and a small variety of donuts. Del scanned her ID card to complete the purchase. It didn't work.

"Your ID probably isn't in the system yet," said Althea, scanning her card to pay for Del's order. "Our system syncs with the company's every few hours, so it should be in by breakfast."

"If you like I can repay you by getting you lunch some time in the next few days," said Del. Her spaghetti carbonara was still too hot from the microwave, so she stirred it impatiently and started on one of her pastries.

Althea and Del made lunch plans for later on the way to Del's quarters. Two security doors required Althea's clearance to pass.

"Your ID should work on most doors once you're in the system, even in the medical wing," said Althea when they arrived at the door to Del's room. Del nodded along, yawning: now that she'd relieved herself and filled her stomach, her body's next priority was sleep. Althea had to get back to work, and after she left Del got a good look at the room that would be her home for the next two and a half weeks. The amenities were minimal and the showers were communal, but Del's room was clean and comfortable, and she had her own bathroom. Del sat down on her bed, meaning to take off her shoes, and fell asleep instead.

&&

*026*2023-07-11 07:01

I'm not at home, so no art today.

________________

Chib Pt 19

Pia woke early, with Saoirse contentedly nuzzling between her breasts. After days of travel and poor sleep, Saoirse had been out the moment her head hit the pillow. Pia tried not to wake her but she opened her eyes as Pia sat up. It was six-thirty in the morning.

"Are you getting up?" Saoirse yawned, stretching against Pia. "I know it's Monday but isn't summer the off-season?"

"It is," said Pia, planting a kiss on the top of Saoirse's head. "I don't have anything scheduled today, but I'm basically on call until five."

"Do you really think Mayra's going to get up this early with Azri there?" Saoirse asked.

"I'm not going to speculate on that," said Pia, though she let Saoirse pull her back. "What my boss and my doctor do in their free time is their business."

"Well I could smell it all over them yesterday," said Saoirse, grinning.

Pia sank back down under the blankets. "Alright, alright. But I still want to get out to water the tomatoes before Azri gets here."

Azri opened her eyes at exactly 6:30 am. She lay comfortably tangled in May's limbs and didn't particularly want to move. She was warm under the blankets and the morning air, streaming in through the window, was cold and damp.

"Can you sleep in just for today?" mumbled May. "You're not even supposed to be back until tomorrow."

Azri yawned and stretched, prompting a stretch from May. "I'll call at eight-thirty, then maybe visit around noon."

Saoirse tiptoed past Cyan, pulling Pia by the hand. He didn't seem to be awake, so Pia quietly closed the front door. Since it was past eight in the morning they were both fully clothed; Saoirse had slept in her clothes, and Pia had changed into a rainbow gingham linen dress. The morning was quickly warming up, but the slight chill in the air made Pia leak a little. The scent made Saoirse's heart race, but she could smell something else. Saoirse stopped Pia.

"What is it?" asked Pia, looking around, pressing her legs together.

"Someone is here," said Saoirse.

Pia huffed, "I can't believe Azri is late, but her timing is-" she trailed off when Saoirse leaned over.

"It's not Azri," whispered Saoirse. "Go and check on the tomatoes. I'll take care of this and meet-"

"No. I live here, I'm coming with you," Pia hissed. She was practically dancing on the spot, but somehow managed to hold her bladder. "It's probably a delivery or something."

"Hello?"

Saoirse drew herself up in her most professional manner and turned to see a young Andyne man. He wore a full-body windbreaker outfit, a matching cap with a flying mask, gloves, and goggles. A logo for "Fast Flyers Shipping" was emblazoned across the front of his uniform and on the side of the large bag on his hip. His wings were brown with a tight pattern of stripes, and almost resembled a moth's wings on the outside.

"Hey Cass...ipea?" the man said slowly. "Is Mayra around?" He pronounced it as "my-ra."

"It's 'may-ra,' and just Pia is fine," said Pia, suddenly businesslike. The young man handed her a clipboard from his bag and she signed a delivery form. "You almost got it that time though, mister...Tulip, if I remember correctly?"

Tulip nodded and handed over a small cardboard box. "How did you..."

"It was on the receipt from the last time you were here," said Pia. "I tend to remember those Andyne floral names."

Tulip left with a friendly nod, and walked away, securing his flight equipment before taking a running start and taking off the walkway. Once he was out of sight Pia took the box and set it down next to her front door.

"You know him?" asked Saoirse while they hurried around to the back of the craft.

"Just his name. I don't usually see anyone from the Fast Flyers. They're fast, but they're expensive." Pia gave a little moan when she saw the planter and waddled over to it, dribbling on the dry ground. She lifted one foot to the side of the planter and gathered up her skirt, panting and angling her hips to get all the liquid she could in the soil around the parched-looking tomato plants.

Saoirse resisted an urge to crinkle the dry leaves with her fingers and dropped her shorts.

"May I help?" asked Saoirse. Pia nodded.

"They shouldn't be drying out this fast," Pia gave a sad little sigh. "When we go into town next I should probably pick up some mulch."

Saoirse straddled a dry corner of the planter and balanced herself on her haunches over it. Her clitoris was still retracted, so that she appeared to have slightly puffy human-looking female genitals. With some concentration, she achieved a stream but couldn't stop most of it from running down her leg.

"You hide it really well when you have to," said Saoirse.

"I've had a lot of practice," Pia said, blushing. "The medication and pelvic exercises help. Three years ago I wouldn't have made it out of bed without a major leak." Pia finished, stepping back from the planter and dropping her skirt. She dripped on her way over to get the watering can and waited for Saoirse to finish and get up before watering the plants with the watering can.

Azri opened her eyes to a shocking sight: the clock on the nightstand read 10:34. She sat up muzzily, trying to stay calm.

"It's fine, everything's fine," said Azri, taking a deep, slow breath. "May would wake me up if there was an emergency."

"I'd wake you up if there was anything serious," said May from the stairs. She crossed the room and sat on the bed. "You seemed to need it after last night, so I let you sleep. I talked to Pia just now, and she tells me that Cyan is doing fine."

"She called you?" yawned Azri. She got up and followed May downstairs. She could hear a kettle whistling.

"Pia called to ask if she and Saoirse could take the runabout out to Nilbog. She made sure to tell me that Cyan is okay, but that his sunburns are sore." May took the kettle off the stove and poured hot water into two instant noodle bowls. A heaping bowl of fried rice, a pan of crispy potatoes, and an assortment of croissants sat on the stove. They ate out on the back porch in their pajamas.

*027*2023-07-14 00:22

Boring two chapters. I'm still on a shared computer so I pasted a SFW pic of Arthur.

________________________

Chib Pt. 20

Cyan jolted awake to a knock at the front door. Azri had called at eleven, confirmed that Cyan wasn't dead, and told him she'd come by to check on him in an hour. Though Cyan had been awake all morning, determinedly reading a newspaper that Pia had gotten in Segoe, he'd drifted off some time in the past hour. He'd gotten halfway through, almost far enough to get to the headline, "BEWARE THE BATSQUATCH," before he fell asleep. It hadn't felt like an hour, but an hour of sleep never did, he thought, stumbling slightly to the door.

"Sorry, I fell asleep-" Cyan trailed off. Avaris stood at the door in a sleeveless wrap shirt and a linen skirt. She held a small opaque blue bottle, and her wings twitched behind her apprehensively. "Oh, hi Avi."

"Good morning. I um..." Avaris fidgeted. "I just remembered that I had some sunburn cream and I thought it might help." She held it out and Cyan took it.

"Thanks," said Cyan. When she pressed her legs together, he sighed, "It's still okay if you use the bathroom."

Avaris squirmed. "Well um...Miss Mayra is coming this way, so I was going to run away along the trail before she sees me."

Azri came into sight around the trees wearing her usual light cardigan over her pajamas. She walked hand-in-hand with Mayra, who wore her work coveralls and glared at Avaris.

"Is she bothering you?" said Mayra sharply. It made Avaris flinch.

"No," Cyan replied. "She's just giving me something for my sunburns."

"You know, you could just pee on them," Azri interjected casually, ambling forward and holding out her hand for the bottle. Cyan handed it to her. She opened the cap, sniffed it, and nodded. "This is the next best thing though. Did you get this locally?"

Avaris gulped. She was shaking. "I got it at Crystal Cove last month."

"Do you ever go flying in that shirt?" scoffed Mayra,.

"She can't fly, May," Azri said off-handedly.

"Yes, she can! That's how illegitimate children earn their names," said Mayra. "They have to complete an advanced flying trial."

Avaris turned on her heel, used her wings to slow a jump down from the walkway, and skittered away around the end of Pia's airship, leaking the whole way.

"I have some things waiting for me at the machine shop," Mayra sniffed. She opened her mouth to say something to Cyan and suddenly turned sheepish when she made eye contact with him. "Nice to see you again, Cyan," she said and swept away across the walkways, the iridescence on the blue part of her wings shimmering in the dappled morning shadows.

Cyan hurried down the stairs and ducked under the walkway after Avaris.

Pia's airship hovered at the standard meter off the ground, and Avaris had squatted almost underneath it, toward the middle. Her wings were folded around her, but they only covered her upper half and her face. Cyan could clearly see the scarring on her thighs, pale against her deep tan, and flashes of mint green pubic hair. He tried not to stare and looked at the feathers on her wing instead.

"It's just me," said Cyan, kneeling next to Avaris. The gesture felt weirdly familiar and at that level, he could see why she'd picked that spot: a tomato seedling grew in the shade under the aircraft. Avaris was trying to aim for it, dampening the ground around it. "Can I help?"

Avaris lowered her wing just enough to peer over it, and hastily raised it again when she made eye contact with Cyan. "Yeah. Sorry for running off like that. I thought I had more time."

Cyan pulled down his shorts and relaxed, aiming at the distinctive spiky leaves. He hadn't thought he'd needed to go that much, and it felt good.

"So...is your pee blue like that permanently or is it like..." Avaris paused, finished her long pee, and shifted her wings to balance while she dripped dry. "...Is it something you drank?"

"I think it's just like that," said Cyan. "Are you doing okay?"

Avaris took a deep breath, lowered her wing, noticed Cyan relieving himself, and raised it again. She'd glanced at his crotch, and it made his stomach flutter. "Sorry! ...I'm fine, fine! I'm just having a bad day."

Cyan finished and took an extra second to adjust because of some inconvenient swelling. When he stood up he held out a hand for Avaris.

"Thanks, but I probably shouldn't," Avaris sighed, dropping her skirt and pulling her wings back behind her. "I got my hands wet."

"I think I'm used to touching urine by now," said Cyan. "We can wash our hands inside."

Azri was sitting on the edge of the walkway by the front door, dangling her short legs in the sun. Avaris had always been somewhat intimidated by Amphibious physicians and tried in vain to hide behind Cyan on the way to the front door. Azri waited for the two of them to pass and followed along behind Avaris.

Avaris and Cyan took turns washing their hands at the kitchen sink. Cyan went first, then went over to the couch for Avaris to take his vitals. Even while Cyan sat down, Avaris could feel Azri watching her.

"Azri, why did you tell me to pee on my sunburns?" asked Cyan as Avaris sat down at the kitchen table. Azri took several seconds to respond. It unnerved Avaris, and she was glad she didn't need to pee anymore. Then Azri finished taking Cyan's pulse and jotted it down in her notebook.

"Are you sure you want me to talk about it with our guest here?" asked Azri.

"You said it in front of Avi and Mayra," Cyan said sternly. It seemed to surprise Azri as much as it did Avaris. There was something weirdly motherly about his tone. "I think Avi deserves an explanation too."

Azri gave Cyan a long, calculating look. "Touche," she said finally. "How much do you remember from what I told you in the bathroom last night?"

"None of it," said Cyan without hesitation.

May found the box that had been delivered next to the message book on the counter next to her long-range radio equipment. May took off the outer packaging and found that it was addressed to Nucifera, A. Grumbling, May forced herself to look at the message book and cursed herself for letting Pia and Saoirse use the dockyard runabout without a second thought.

Chib Part 21:

Pia touched the small airship down on the water at the bottom tier of a many-leveled air dock. The trip had taken an hour and a half in increasingly sweltering heat as the day warmed up. Even trying to pace herself, Pia had gone through two bottles of water. It was starting to fill her bladder, and she was looking forward to relieving herself off the back of the airship into the water before walking over to pay the docking fee.

"Pia," Saoirse put a hand on Pia's shoulder and stopped her before she got to the back door. "You might want to wait. We have neighbors."

Outside the window, a black shape with gleaming white patches surfaced in the water next to the aircraft. Around it, part of the deck extended into the water, and two smaller shapes rose up slightly in the water. It took Pia a moment to recognize them as people. The first was a blue-skinned woman, naked down to her long shimmering red tail and carrying a spear. The second looked younger, thin with what appeared to be long violet dreadlocks and reflective silvery skin all over. Their eyes glinted like coins, and they made eye contact with Pia through the window. Pia paled, and the silver-skinned youth responded by waving their hand in what they clearly thought was a friendly fashion. They had no fingernails.

"Are they Amphibious?" Pia said under her breath.

"They're native to this world," said Saoirse, waiting for Pia next to the door. "The one with the blue skin is a Mellen, but I'm not sure about the other." The one with the coin-like eyes waved again, bobbing in the water right in front of where Pia had intended to pee off the airship. A voice on the radio saved her from having to go outside: it was May.

"I have to take this," said Pia. "It could be important."

"Alright. I'll go see what our neighbors want, and pay at the kiosk," said Saoirse, kissing Pia on the cheek.

"Could you swing by Shell Bay on your way back? I know it's out of the way, but I'd like to get those sprockets if at all possible," said May.

"You mean they weren't in the package we got this morning?" asked Pia. Outside, Saoirse spoke to the silver-skinned youth while she extended the ramp and opened the port side gate. Pia couldn't hear what they were saying, but the youth seemed to communicate by gulping air and burping it back out.

"No, that's addressed to one of our guests." May's tone was flat and formal. "If the Scallop doesn't have the parts anymore, tell them I'll take a schematic for them." Something was wrong, but it occurred to Pia that the radio probably wasn't secure.

"Have you heard from my mother yet?" asked Pia, using their code phrase for situations like this. Pia didn't even know who her mother was, and May had never spoken about hers around Pia.

May took a long moment to reply. "She's not feeling well, but it's not an emergency."

Pia processed that sentence. She'd called May back to the dockyard that way several times. "Should I head back, just in case?"

"Not yet," said May. "If it gets serious I'll call. Just make sure you leave Shell Bay by three-thirty. We're supposed to get a thunderstorm this afternoon."

After the call, Saoirse was gone and their "neighbors" were still floating around behind the airship. The large black and white shape next to them was easier to see: a large orca, who'd taken up position next to the blue-skinned woman. Pia made a point to painstakingly check all the radio equipment until she heard Saoirse's footsteps on the back deck.

"We're paid up for an hour," said Saoirse. "We'll have to hurry, but this won't take long."

Once outside, Saoirse greeted the two people in the water while Pia locked up. Pia turned around and Saoirse introduced her to the people in the water: the silver-skinned youth was a young girl named Naleini, and the Mellen woman was a hunter named Tabbitha. Naleini insisted on touching palms with both Saoirse and Pia, and thanked Saoirse for grabbing them a map at the kiosk before swimming away, keeping their heads above the water so that Naleini could read the map and keep it dry.

The city of Nilbog sat at the mouth of a wide river, and the waters housed a large community of both Amphibious and Native aquatic people. Canals sat alongside the main roads. The dwellings and other buildings were a combination of squat industrial buildings, domed prefabricated structures, and graceful suspension towers overlooking the river docks. Native marsh plants and trees grew in regularly-placed green spaces around the city. It looked intentionally planned but the effect was pleasant and provided areas of shade in the summer heat. Pia would've appreciated the city's design more if the constant susurration of running water didn't remind her that she needed to pee.

"It's not much further," said Saoirse.

May walked slowly toward the odd little airship. Despite how much she disliked its owner, she couldn't help but stare. It had the classic double-hulled shape, muted beige siding, large rounded portholes, and cool-colored horizontal stripes. The words "THE LIMPET" broke up one stripe on the side. It really did look like a limpet, May thought as she knocked on the front door.

Over the next several minutes, May knocked three times. She contemplated just leaving the box by the front door and elected not to.

The communication hub in Nilbog was housed in a wide semi-outdoor lobby. Soundproof cells sat in color-coded clusters and part of the room connected to the canal entrance outside; what at first looked like an ornamental pool was a skylight into the aquatic half of the communications center. It had the same neutral floor tiles and the cells for making and receiving communications were the same as above. Pia caught a flash of silver right before Saoirse tapped her shoulder.

"Did you want to sit in on the call?" asked Saoirse.

Pia nodded. They'd located the bathrooms in the communications center, only to find them closed for renovations. Pia had assured Saoirse that she could hold it; the added security measures for Saoirse's call were expensive, and they only had enough on them for a five-minute call.

The cell reserved for them sat near the wall. Inside was a booth that fit both of them comfortably, in front of a console containing interfaces for several different kinds of communication, including a flat-screen for visual communications. The cell had air conditioning and humidity controls, which Pia resisted the urge to mess with. Saoirse dialed in her various codes and sat back, waiting for the call to connect.

"You have...THREE...minutes on your balance," stated the cool female voice on the line. "Use full balance?" Saoirse pressed the corresponding button.

"I thought we had enough for five minutes?" said Pia. The phone rang on the booth's speakers.

"I'm saving a bit so we can stop by the tea shop on the way back and you can use the bathroom," said Saoirse. "It shouldn't take long anyway unless Ar-"

"Hello?" said a sleepy voice through the speakers.

"Daffodil?!" exclaimed Saoirse.

The voice on the other end yawned. "Not quite. It's-"

"No, no, we've met enough times for me to get this right." Saoirse's face screwed up in concentration. "Dianthus? No...Delphinium? Daisy?"

"Digitalis," the voice corrected sleepily. "How are you, Saoirse? Are you looking for Bear?"

"I'm doing really well, thanks for asking...but who's Bear?"

Digitalis seemed to wake up a little bit. Even through the speakers, Pia could tell he was flustered. "Oh um...Arthur. I'll go get him."

Pia couldn't stop herself and blurted out excitedly: "Arthur? You mean we're calling *that* Arthur?" She'd never met Arthur, but Saoirse had told Pia a lot about him; they went off-world for archaeological digs almost every year, and though they'd been a bad fit romantically, they were good friends and still rendezvoused occasionally.

"Uh...hi," said Digitalis. "Is this a group call?"

"This is my partner, Pia," interjected Saoirse. "We're renting a cell at the communications hub."

Pia felt herself blushing. "Oh...hi, Digitalis! It's nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you, Pia," said Digitalis. "Giving the phone to Arthur now. Take care, Sersh, Pia."

Digitalis took the phone away from his ear and said in the background. "Bear, Saoirse and her partner are calling you."

"Mmmnnnhello?" said an even sleepier voice.

"Hey, Arty." Saoirse introduced Pia and immediately floundered; she hadn't thought about what, exactly, she was going to ask.

"You said you noticed a familiar smell," Pia prompted. "It was something to do with Cyan?"

"You have...ONE MINUTE...remaining," warned the voice.

"There's another person there?" Arthur yawned.

"We're renting a booth at the call center," said Saoirse, making an effort to be patient. "Pia found a live person in an old medical unit a few weeks ago-"

"What kind of medical unit?" asked Arthur. Digitalis'a voice echoed vaguely in the background.

Saoirse looked pleadingly at Pia. She still had the plate with the medical unit's various serial numbers, but it was back at May's workshop at the dockyard.

"It was..." Pia hesitated. "It was one with uh..."

"You have...THIRTY SECONDS...remaining."

Pia's stomach did a backflip, pressing down on her bladder. She contemplated letting out a little right there and pushed through it instead. She didn't have time to wet herself.

"It had a um...a tube?" Pia could picture the inside of the unit but didn't know any of the terminology. "Cyan was in it....a cylinder?"

"You have...TEN SECONDS...remaining."

"Oh!" said Arthur. "You mean like they have in-"

The line cut off. "Your balance has been resolved. Thank you for choosing the Nilbog Communications Hub."

Pia stood up. The brief rush of adrenaline lessened the need to relieve herself. "I can run out to the kiosk for that extra two minutes."

"Thanks, but I think it might be better to try again later," said Saoirse. "I'm not even sure what time it is where Arty lives now."

Conveniently, the service kiosk sold interworld timetables. Saoirse bought one on the way out.

"Now I just have to figure out where Arthur's working," said Saoirse. "Digitalis was there, so I think he might be rooming with him and Milly." The day was still clear and hot, and they walked down a shady street to a canal-side tea house. There was a line, and Pia and Saoirse joined it.

"Who's Milly?"

"Digitalis's wife...Or maybe ex-wife. I'm not sure if they renewed their marriage after five years," said Saoirse, reading the iced drinks menu.

"Didn't he call Arthur 'Bear?'" said Pia. A lot of things on the menu contained bananas. She decided on an iced banana drink. "That sounds like a pet name to me."

"He did, didn't he?" Saoirse said, grinning.

Saoirse went and claimed a table while they waited for their order and Pia made her way to the bathrooms. They were closed for cleaning, so Pia went back out to wait with Saoirse.

May plodded back toward her home with a nervous knot in her stomach. She couldn't do anything right away about the current situation, and this time was different than all the others. Pia had made it different, then Azri. What would she do? Where could she go?

When May looked up she found herself at her airship, alone. She went inside to change her clothes and left the box in her front room for later.

&&

