Nobody's gonna notice...right?

Author: LupusCanis88

*000*2025-11-23 21:30

There you were, front row, at the show the both if you were looking forward to for months. You had come early, had kept your spot through the support bands and were shouting and clapping vigorously as they came in stage.

The first few songs played, and you were dancing and singing along, until a familiar feeling settled in...the two beer you had drunk before were taking their toll, and you bladder was pinching a bit.

For now, everything was okay, but the show just started...you'd have to power through now if you wanted to stay here.

This was a vague worry at the back of your mind, but it grew, and after half an hour, you noticed not only yourself, but also your friend, slowing and dancing more carefully.

She noticed your look and came closer.

"Dude, d'you also need to pee?" She asked, rubbing her thighs together, rythmically, but not without purpose.

"Yeahhhh" you groaned, shifting your weight from one foot to the other. "it's annoying, but I don't wanna leave!" - "me too!" She laughed "we'll never get this close again!"

The next half hour, it felt a little easier to just have fun and dance, knowing that she struggled the same way.

But know you were starting to have to concentrate, and to worry...

"I'm actually not sure I can hold it that long...I really have to go!" You complained to her.

"I know!" She exclaimed, making a pained expression while looking left and right.

Then she moved in closer.

"You know what i've been thinking?" She wispered into your ear, her hands now firmly between her crossed legs.

She looked left and right again, as if to check for listeners.

"We should just pee our pants." She said, looking straight at you.

You felt your eyes widen and looked around as well. "What?!" You asked, incredulously.

Then you started laughing. "You're making fun of me! You said, half accusingly, half bemused, as you rocked back away from her, your left hand reasted on your abdomen.

She started laughing as well "I know!" Her tone grew a little more desperate "But I don't know what else to do..."

You stopped. "Wait, are you really thinking about it?"

The two of you were now dancing again, to mask your holding efforts. "Aren't you?" She gave back without a pause. "I just don't wanna have to pee anymore!"

You looked down. Your legs were barely visible in the crowd, even with rhe light show. She was wearing a dark blue pair of jeans baggies that fell over her shoes, but sat snug between her legs.

You had opted for a classic black pair of skinny jeans and chucks that matched the black tanktop and your own dark, curly hair.

"I mean..." you concluded "we might get away with it.", looking pointedly at both your clothing choices.

You both faced back towards the stage, dancing and contemplating for a bit.

"Okay" she said, with conviction. "If you do it, i'll do it as well."

You felt your heart start to race and your head to spin a little. You were actually considering it.

"Fuck" you muttered, after glancing left and right again, frantically looking for a physical way out, as your mind couldn't find one. The struggle was written on your face. She looked away, biting her lip with a worried expression.

Your mind was racing through scenarios of what could happen, where you needed to go after, who could see you. But the thought of release and finaly being able to enjoy the moment to the fullest, started to gain ground.

Then you stopped fidgetting and straightened up. "Alright," you proclaimed, moving your hands a little further up on your belly, and then grabbing her left hand with your right. "Let's do it together"

She caight your eyes, and then looked away staring into space. As you tried to relax, you felt her grip tighten as she tensed up. You moved your left hand further down again, anticipating.

The first spurt startled you, as you felt it dampen your underwear, making you stop and tense up again. As you looked over, you saw she had her eyes closed and her mouth opened slightly. Her eyelids stared to flutter, and suddenly she opened them wide, stopped for a moment and then looked down.

In the dark, you could only make out the glistening of the liquid at first, starting as a tiny dot and then moving outwards in her crotch. But the spot grew, and now you could make out dark patches spreading outwards to her thighs, lead by the telling glitter.

As she relaxed, her grip also relaxed on tiur hand, and suddenly it was easier to let go...so you did.

The warmth first spread in your knickers. You felt it warm up around your labia and the pull it's way up your butt a bit before it breached the jeans fabric.

You closed your eyes and let go...and felt the wetness build on your thighs and spread in the back. Your heart was thumping and your ears were ringing as you felt it run down your calves...and into your shoes. The shame was burning on your face, batteling the intense feeling of release, joy and warmth...

You snapped out if it for a second, fear rushing through you as you checked if someone saw you. Nobody was paying you any attention as you continued to flood your jeans.

On your right, your friend was staring foward again before she caught your glace and started smiling. Her hands were gripping the front of her jeans like a skirt. The were completely soaked in front and almost around her thighs.

As the flow ebbed, you looked at each other excitedly, biting you lips to hide some of it from crowd.

She started to laugh first as she leaned over to touch your arm, and it was contagious. The song ended, and the music switched to a more energetic, driving mode...

You dove back into it, propelled by the rush you had just experienced...

