Signaling Desperation

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*000*2018-04-12 21:55

Sorry for the lack of updates lately. Mental health shit and academics have been kicking my ass. But I wanted to flesh out the setting for Through the Storm some so here's a short side story from that universe. Also wanted to give a shout out to the folks at The Dwarrow Scholar for the Dwarvish translation.

05/23/7618 United Forces FOB "YEHEADRAN"

CP. Kayleen Brinwall walks out of the base commissary, uniform coat pulled tight and cradling her latte as she heads out for another graveyard shift, one of the shittiest parts of being a junior signals officer. It’s been about a month since she started her second deployment to the border region between Brosnaw and the Dwarvish Kingdoms. The young half-elf woman is scrunched up against the wind a wool cap protecting her large sensitive ears as it cuts through the Kehebabu Amah mountains (Translates from the Dwarvish roughly as Forge of Creation).

"

Fuck this posting it’s almost New Summer" the unseasonable cold is not uncommon this high up in the mountainous region that is the heart of Dwarvish civilization. This is no comfort to the young women who slips into the com shack with it’s struggling heater to begin her shift.

Two hours in and she is cursing the standard ass clownery of army logistics as the coffee works it way through her. The young corporal feels the all too familiar mix of caffeine jitters and building pressure as her leg bounces back and forth under the console. She can’t leave her post but the aforementioned clowns failed to install any facilities. Kayleen knows she can’t last the entire shift but doesn’t want to leave the meager warmth of the com shack. Cursing the entire logistics corp to some very creative damnations in some of the more obscure hells she jog walks out onto the walkway overlooking the valley below. The freezing wind whips her coat around her as Kayleen jogs in place, both for the warmth and distraction.

Unzipping her pants, she pulls down the front of her knickers and whips out her "girl cock". The life like prosthetic phallus sits just above her little nub anchored in place by some theatrical adhesive. It was a bit of a splurge at her paygrade but well worth it considering that both her girlfriend and boyfriend can’t get enough of it, that plus what she’s about to do. Kayleen has a shit eating grin on her face as she releases the pressure into the smart materials catheter sitting up inside her urethra. It then flows up a thin nearly invisible length of tubing before jetting out her cock in a powerful arcing stream. Letting out a sigh of relief and pleasure a still smiling Kayleen watches her own personal geyser fog the frigid air before gravity takes over and a frozen yellow rain splatters down into the valley half a kilometer below. Letting out one last contented sigh she shakes out the last few drops while looking up at the millions of stars and pulsing auroras overhead.

*003*2018-04-13 16:17

About halfway through her shift Kayleen hears a knock at the door, glancing at the monitor she is surprised to see that it’s her boyfriend Daren. "What the hell are you doing up this late?" she says with a sarcastic grin.

It had taken a lot of work and favors owed but she had managed to get both her partners jobs with the civil service corp, while she went into the army. The economy world wide had been taking a bit of a beating after the most recent round of fighting in Brosnaw had spilled over the borders of several neighboring countries causing disruption in the supply of raw materials and manufactured goods coming out the Dwarvish Kingdoms. Things weren’t too bad in Zerramar compared to other countries and being in a polyfamily provided a good deal of support.

They were able to pool their UBI checks, plus the little bit extra Lia made working as a dental hygienist. But it was still rough. She and Daren had just finished university, broadcast communications and statistics respectively, only to find that the sudden crash meant no jobs. Normally Zerramar was well prepared to handle this, but the treasury and interior ministers’ best efforts couldn’t fully counter act the price spikes and shortages caused by both the actual supply chain disruptions and the market panic.

This began the familiar dance of calls for relief efforts and the activation of mutual defense treaties resulting in the second deployment of a United Forces peace keeping mission to the Brosnaw conflict zone in thirty years. With no discussion required it was decided that where ever they wound up it would be together. Which brings us back to the present with Kaylee and Daren; broadcasting, receiving and analyzing information respectively. Lia works in the base dental clinic and of course our current situation with Daren surprising his girlfriend at her isolated posting halfway up a mountain; with coffee. donuts and hot meat pies.

*005*2018-04-15 15:25

"So only two months only before we rotate to reserve for the next three, what are you planning when we get back to Whitecliff?" Kayleen cocks her head while finishing off a donut "Hit up that gnomish bathhouse on 42nd, after grabbing dinner and drinks at the ‘Helium Banshee’ "

"Yeah that one host Mia, best massage I’ve ever had." Both are smiling at the memory. "Our folks are probably going to want to visit."

"And that’s probably going to include uncle Gary….. Fuck!"

"Just toke up hon and use my hand as stress ball and you’ll be fine."

"My hero" Kayleen’s tone is bemusedly sarcastic as she leans over and plants a kiss on Daren.

*007*2018-04-15 19:22

Kayleen is momentarily forced to attend to the console as the bases early warning system lights up. Thaumcomp confirms it’s a rather sizable adult dragon. Thankfully this one is less interested in burning villages and more in clearing out every fast-food place in in a 30km radius. Kayleen activates an automated sending spell because of course the dragon doesn’t have com-gear, fucking traditionalists, and spends the ten minutes arguing about respecting the 2km no fly zone around the base. Taking her frustration out on one of the meat pies while Daren rubs her shoulders.

Kayleen is tired and cheesed off from playing sky traffic cop. She peals off her sweater and t-shirt leaving her in pants, a sports bra, and boots. Daren continues massaging. She knows a perfect way to burn off some extra energy and while not exactly professional Daren is an existing partner and outside the chain of command. So technically she isn’t violating any regs as she gets up and turns around before Daren pulls her in close and unzips her pants……

*009*2018-04-15 22:48

{{19 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Kayleen and Daren get frisky behind closed doors lol

}}

The perks of having your partners on base ;)

*011*2018-06-01 19:40

Kayleen feels her butt hit the console before Daren lifts her legs while simultaneously pulling her pants and underwear down in one go. Kayleen’s legs are bound together on top of Daren’s shoulders by her pants, trapping Daren in between them. Which is exactly how Kayleen likes it. Smiling coyling she watches as Daren unzips revealing his beautiful six inches. He leans in to kiss her, tongues wrestling as he pulls down her sports bra to tease her nipples with his fingers. He goes lower to nuzzle her neck his hot breath causing her skin to tingle in anticipation before going in to leave a couple of hickeys on her collar bone. The whole time she can feel him sliding against her lips. Ratcheting up the building pressure inside her.

Finally, she feels it peak as a familiar presence slides inside her, stretching and filling. Daren quickly builds up speed pounding her into the console as he takes her. His lips against hers and her breasts. She screams for more as the pressure builds to new height before she screams as she hits the final peak. Daren is not far behind groaning her name as he empties himself inside. Kayleen peaking a second time as she feels her lover merging with her in scalding hot spurts, sending her into a second climax……

*013*2018-06-03 01:47

Daren slides out of her and flops back into the chair, pants around his ankles and temporally spent. Kayleen walks over to bag her boyfriends load sliding down her thighs and coating her sex. Pulling out a thing of lube she squirts some onto her palm and begins to stroke her lady dick. Smiling hungrily as she walks over to Daren, she drops to her knees. Planting kisses on his thighs, she pulls his legs onto her shoulders. In one long lick she trails down from his perineum to his asshole hungrily tasting his sweaty earthy musk. She invades him with her tongue filling him much to Daren’s delight. When he is back to full hardness Kayleen pulls him out of the chair and bends him over the console peeling off his shirt in the process.

She pauses, leaving him in suspense as she goes back over to her bag takes something out and works it into herself. Kayleen walks back over to Daren and without warning seizes his hips and buries herself inside him in one go. Daren let’s out a squeal of equal parts pain and pleasure at his girlfriend’s surprise attack. “So my boytoy’s enjoying himself?”

“Shit yeah hon! Give it to me!” Kayleen doesn’t move.

“Are you sure baby?” She teases.

“Pleaseeeee……” Kayleen smile hungrily as she proceeds to take her loves ass hard. Thrusting vigorously as Daren moans beneath her.

“My little slut likes my girl cock?”

“Shit yes!! I’m your slut baby give it to me!” This ends giving Kayleen a small orgasm and she freezes slowly grinding against his ass as she shudders through her climax. She loves this feeling of power of knowing that Daren is hers completely, that he wants her, that he is one hundred percent with her in this moment.

“Please hon fuck my slut ass! It’s yours to use! I want my girl to fuck me hard!” Kayleen is once again close between the charged situation, the friction from the dildo’s clit stimulator and the g-spot massager she shoced up her vag; Kayleen is about to explode. She begins to spank Daren’s ass screaming “Take it baby! I’m going to come! Take my cum boyslut!”

“Fuck I want it baby! Please Yes!” Kayleen screams loud enough to shake the mountains and cause Yetis to run in terror as she squirts, seeming gallons of girl cum into Daren’s eager rear end. This trigger’s Daren own screaming finish as he empties his load onto the console.

After catching their breath, Kayleen catch resist getting a taste of the thin syrupy liquid she just unloaded in her boyfriend’s ass, before kissing him, feeding him her cum as they taste each other.

*015*2018-06-03 03:24

{{33 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn its getting hot in there lol Loved that

}}

Did you like the terrified the terrified Yetis part?

*017*2018-06-03 04:17

{{9 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Ofcourse I did ^^

}}

*020*2018-06-04 19:29

{{1 hour ago, NerqTheMighty said:

The worldbuilding is wonderful. Though wouldn't fast food chains keep a stock of supersized meals for larger creatures?

}}

Good catch lol. It was mostly meant as a joke. Although an adult dragon is the size of a locomotive so it could easily eat the entire freezer.

*022*2018-06-04 21:09

{{2 minutes ago, NerqTheMighty said:

But in a world where this is a somewhat regular occurrence, wouldn't freezers therefore be larger?

}}

Then the building would need to be the size of a Walmart.

Unless they had a pocket dimension? But would that be cost effective?

*024*2018-06-04 23:23

It’s an easy relaxed silence as Kayleen and Daren clean off with some wet wipes and get dressed Kayleen goes to the utility cabinet and grabs a binder of prepared spells tearing out a clearing one. Apparently, somebody actually decided it was less money and trouble to have ready to use spellbook on stock than lug spare parts and cleaning supplies up here. That takes care of the console. Well that was a fun way to spend two hours Kayleen thanks to herself….. right before a screaming alarm from the console ends that thought…..

“What the hell is that Kayleen?”

“Early warning alarm we’ve incoming arty conventional and thaum in less thirty seconds” No sooner does she get the words out then there is a series of whistling shrieks followed by multiple explosions. The entire mountain seems to shake. “This place is warded but no clue if it’ll hold. We have to get to the shelter!!” Kayleen and Daren head out onto balcony and hustle down the stairs, feet clanging against the metal. The stairs end after two flights at small bunker built into a natural cave in the cliff face. Kayleen seals the airlock behind them just as a screaming shell detonates nearby.

Daren seems visibly shaken, Kayleen isn’t much better but at least she’s done the whole thing in basic where the fire live rounds over your head. For Daren this a completely novel experience. She places a hand on his shoulder “Are you going to be okay babe?” Daren nods

“I just need a minute.”

“Okay, I have to get to work.” The bunker is basically a small concrete room with a duplicate of the console from above and a second room that holds the comstations power plant. Kayleen get’s to work directing radio traffic as the base rides out the attack. There are multiple insurgent mortar teams that have taken position above the base and somebody apparently even loaded up a couple MRL systems on pickups to bring to the party. Kayleen is coordinating between the spotters and their own arty batteries which are just starting to come online. Air cover is eta 15 min. Just then there’s a loud boom, the bunker lights flicker and the distinctive pop of several breakers blowing sounds before the emergency lights come on.

