Naked and desperate waiting till they fix the ultrasound

Author: Lala123

*000*2024-12-21 00:00

Chapter 1

Amanda Laine was the kind of woman who turned heads when she walked into a room. Tall, poised, and effortlessly elegant, she carried herself with a confidence born from years of climbing the corporate ladder and navigating the challenges of a male-dominated industry. As the CEO of a prominent tech firm, she was used to a lot of pressure. She was a woman who faced boardrooms full of skeptical faces and walked out victorious. But here, in the stark fluorescent light of the hospital room, she felt stripped of all that power.

The day had started like any other, with Amanda managing a number of meetings and emails before heading out for her scheduled gynecological check-up. The healthcare system in this country was something she had learned to adapt to, despite its quirks. Resources were insufficent, and efficiency took precedence over comfort or privacy. She had heard the stories, of course - the lack of gowns, the shared examination spaces - but she always thought she could handle it. After all, Amanda prided herself on her resilience.

But today, as she sat on the examination table, entirely exposed from the waist down, she found her composure slipping. The nurse had instructed her to come with a full bladder for the ultrasound, and Amanda could feel the growing pressure as she waited. Adding to her discomfort, the ultrasound machine had broken down just as her examination was about to begin.

Now, three male technicians had filed into the room, their toolbox in hand, chatting casually as they set to work repairing the machine. They acted as if Amanda wasn't there with her legs spread, but she noticed them stealing a quick glance at her, or looking between her legs.

Amanda crossed her arms over her chest, her back straight despite the vulnerability of her position. The room felt cold - not just from the air conditioning but from the unspoken tension that filled the space. She could hear the low murmur of the technicians’ voices, punctuated by bursts of laughter. They didn’t seem to be in any hurry, despite knowing the reason for her discomfort.

“Looks like this might take a while,” one of them said with a grin, glancing over his shoulder at Amanda. “You’ll have to hold on just a little longer.”

Amanda pressed her lips together, her jaw tightening. “Take your time,” she said, her voice measured, though her patience wore thin. “I’d rather the machine works properly.”

“Don’t worry, ma’am,” another technician chimed in, his tone light but tinged with something less professional. “We’re professionals. We’ll get this sorted out... eventually.”

The third man chuckled, shaking his head. “You’ve got to admit, you’ve got the best seat in the house for this kind of situation.”

Amanda ignored the comment, fixing her gaze on the far wall. She felt her cheeks flush but refused to let them see her discomfort. Years of corporate battles had taught her how to mask her emotions, but this was a different kind of exposure - one that left her feeling powerless in a way she rarely experienced.

As the minutes ticked by, the pressure in her bladder grew almost unbearable. Amanda shifted slightly, trying to find a position that might ease the discomfort, but it was no use. The technicians noticed, of course, and one of them couldn’t resist another remark.

“Looks like someone’s getting impatient,” he said with a smirk. “Hang in there, ma’am. Be a lady and hold it a little longer.”

Amanda shot him a sharp look but said nothing. What could she say? She was at their mercy, and they knew it. The nurse had stepped out, leaving her alone with the men and their casual banter. She couldn’t escape, and protesting would only make the situation more humiliating.

“Bet she’s regretting that morning coffee now,” one of them quipped, earning another round of chuckles.

The jokes grated on her nerves, but Amanda reminded herself to stay calm. This wasn’t her battlefield. There was nothing to win here, no power to reclaim. All she could do was endure it, as she had endured so many other challenges in her life. But this - this felt different. This felt personal in a way that no boardroom showdown ever had.

Chapter 2

Stripped from the waist down and perched on the examination table, she was entirely exposed, her knees bent and legs resting in stirrups. No modesty sheet, no gown - just the harsh, clinical reality of the healthcare system in this country.

The technicians tasked with repairing the ultrasound machine had been at it for hours. Their tools were spread across the floor, scattered in disarray as they muttered to each other about circuit boards and calibration errors. Amanda remained in position, her full bladder a relentless source of discomfort. She clenched her jaw, trying to think of anything but the growing urgency and burning she felt between her legs.

The room’s layout only made things worse. A cramped space meant the only available seating was directly in front of the examination table. When the technicians decided to take a lunch break, they dragged three chairs across the floor and arranged them in a neat row - facing Amanda.

“Guess this is the best spot,” one of them said, plopping down and unwrapping a sandwich.

Amanda’s stomach twisted. “Are you seriously sitting there?”

The man shrugged, already chewing. “Not much choice. Room’s tight, and this is where the chairs are.”

“You could... turn them around,” Amanda suggested, her voice taut with suppressed anger.

The second technician gave her an incredulous look. “Lady, we’re just eating. Don’t make it weird.”

The third technician chuckled, cracking open a soda can. “Besides, we’re professionals. It’s not like we’re staring.”

Amanda didn’t reply. She turned her head sharply toward the wall, her face burning as the men settled in. From her position on the table, it felt impossible to escape their line of sight. Her exposed position was already humiliating; now, it was unbearable.

The men, however, seemed entirely unfazed. They chatted as they ate, their voices a low murmur punctuated by occasional bursts of laughter. Amanda caught snippets of their conversation, but the words blurred into a background buzz as she focused on keeping her composure.

“Do you think we’ll get this fixed today?” one of them asked.

“Maybe. Depends on if the replacement part actually works.”

“Well, no rush,” the first technician joked, his tone light but laced with something sharper. “Not like she’s going anywhere.”

Amanda’s fists clenched at her sides. “I’ve been waiting for hours,” she said, her voice steely. “I need this done.”

“And we’re working on it,” the second technician replied, his tone almost patronizing. “But we’re not machines. Gotta eat sometime.”

The third technician glanced at her with a faint smirk. “Besides, you’re doing great. Most people wouldn’t last this long without complaining.”

Amanda shot him a glare but said nothing.

As the minutes dragged on, Amanda became acutely aware of every movement, every glance. Occasionally, one of the men would look up, his gaze flicking toward her before returning to his food. They didn’t say anything outright, but the subtlety of it was almost worse.

“Honestly, she’s taking it like a champ,” one of them remarked after a while.

“Yeah, no fussing, no whining. Gotta respect that,” another agreed.

Amanda wanted to scream. Instead, she sat silently, her back straight and her gaze fixed on a point in the distance. She could feel the flush creeping up her neck, a mix of anger and humiliation.

And then, as if to twist the knife further, the first technician leaned back in his chair, looking directly at her. “Not to be rude, but you’re sitting here like this, and you’re the one giving us attitude?”

Amanda’s mouth tightened into a thin line.

“Be a proper lady, as I said before” the second one added with a chuckle. “Bear the little pain. We’re almost done.”

She wanted to retort, to tell them exactly what she thought of their so-called professionalism, but she knew it would only make things worse. The power dynamic in the room was stark, and Amanda hated every second of it.

The door opened, and a nurse poked her head in, bright and cheerful. “How’s it going in here?”

“Slow and steady,” the third technician replied, raising his soda can in mock toast.

“Great,” the nurse said, glancing at Amanda. “You’re doing okay, right? Just hang tight.”

Amanda managed a terse nod.

As the nurse left, the men resumed their break, their conversation drifting back to small talk and occasional technical jargon. The humiliation, the discomfort, and the sheer absurdity of the situation pressed down on her, each moment stretching into an eternity.

Chapter 3

Amanda had always prided herself on her composure, her ability to handle difficult situations with grace and resolve. But sitting there, exposed, with her legs spread and a room full of people who seemed to treat her predicament as an afterthought, even she found her limits being tested.

As the technicians continued eating, the tension in the room felt almost palpable. The discomfort radiating through her body was growing rapidly. Her full bladder was now a sharp, persistent ache, and her patience was wearing dangerously thin.

Then, to her horror, she felt something she couldn’t explain. A warmth spreading, an involuntary response her body betrayed her with. No, no, not now, she thought, her face burning as she shifted slightly on the table, trying to suppress it. She squeezed her thighs instinctively, but it only seemed to make it worse.

The first technician, still chewing on his sandwich, noticed the movement. “You alright over there?”

Amanda froze, her heart pounding. “I’m fine,” she managed through gritted teeth, trying to steady her voice.

But her body had other ideas. A soft sound escaped her lips - a barely audible moan.

The room went silent for a moment, the technicians exchanging glances before one of them chuckled. “Well, that’s... interesting,” he muttered under his breath, just loud enough for her to hear.

“Did she just—?” the second technician started, but stopped himself, grinning.

The third one smirked, leaning back in his chair. “Guess we’re not boring her, huh?”

Amanda’s face turned crimson. “It’s not -! I didn’t - !” she stammered, mortified.

“Relax, we’re not judging,” the first technician said, holding up his hands in mock surrender. But his tone was anything but reassuring.

“Yeah, it’s natural,” the second added with a smirk. “Happens to everyone, right?”

“Maybe she’s just really enjoying the experience,” the third said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.

Amanda glared at them, her jaw tightening. “Can you just... fix the machine and stop talking?”

But they weren’t done. The second technician took a sip of his drink, eyeing her with an amused expression. “Hey, no shame in it. Just means you’re... sensitive, I guess.”

“Or maybe she’s into the whole ‘audience’ thing,” the third chimed in, laughing.

The door creaked open, and a doctor stepped in. He was older, with a face carved by years of indifference, and his expression didn’t improve as he surveyed the scene. “What’s going on here?”

The first technician gestured vaguely toward Amanda. “She, uh... seems a little too relaxed, Doc.”

Amanda glared at them, her voice trembling with rage. “I don’t know what they’re talking about. I’m just waiting - like I’ve been for hours!”

The doctor approached, his hands tucked into the pockets of his white coat. He gave her a quick once-over, his gaze neutral but sharp. “Relaxed, huh?” he said, a hint of sarcasm in his voice. “Well, that’s a first. Usually, people are too tense for anything like that.”

“I am not relaxed,” Amanda spat, her cheeks flaming.

The doctor raised a brow, his tone maddeningly calm. “It’s fine. These things happen. It’s just biology.” He glanced at the technicians, who were barely suppressing their grins. “You three done eating yet, or do you need an engraved invitation to get back to work?”

The second technician chuckled, wiping his hands on his pants. “We’re on it, Doc. Just trying to keep things... professional.”

“Right,” the doctor said dryly. “Because professionalism is clearly the word of the day here.”

Amanda’s humiliation reached its peak as the doctor turned back to her. “Look, you’re doing fine,” he said, his tone oddly dismissive. “Just hang in there a little longer, alright? We’ll get this sorted.”

She stared at him, her voice trembling with barely restrained fury. “I’ve been hanging in for hours. This is unacceptable.”

The doctor shrugged, his indifference cutting deeper than any of the technicians’ comments. “It’s the system we’ve got. If you want faster service, you’ll have to take it up with the health ministry.”

With that, he turned and left, leaving Amanda alone with the technicians once more. They exchanged amused glances before resuming their work, their jokes quieter now but no less cutting.

Amanda lay back, staring at the ceiling, willing herself not to cry. She couldn’t change the situation, couldn’t take back the moment that had left her utterly exposed. All she could do was endure.

*002*2024-12-21 10:29

Thanks for the feedback! @FullBladder85

(idk how to reply directly lol) I'm very glad that you liked my story. I like your recommendations and I will incorporate them in the next parts:)

*005*2024-12-29 17:32

{{On 12/28/2024 at 3:53 PM, Uroguy said:

Well described. Would you like to collaborate with me on a story?

}}

Sure we can figure something out

