An Absol-ute Braixen Down

Author: Lythe

*000*2018-07-15 06:06

AN- Hi all! This story was the result of my first commission. If you enjoy it, or some of my other work, please consider commissioning me if you're interested in a customer piece! I'll be breaking this down into 3 chapters due to length. Hope you all enjoy!

“Okay girls! I'm about to head out! Come say bye!” A young man called. He grabbed his overstuffed denim backpack and hefted it over his left shoulder. He ran his right hand through his Sandy brown hair as he mentally went over the checklist of everything he was going to need for this work trip. He hated having to leave his girls behind, but rules were rules. Doing a last pat down of his pockets to confirm he had his critical items, Troy nodded to himself and stepped out of his room and into the hallway leading to the front door.

He smiled seeing his Pokemon waiting to send him off. Kendall, his Absol, rubbed up against his leg affectionately. She'd come an awful long way since he had first caught her as a young pup. Sandra, his Braixen, gave him a warm hug. She hated when her trainer left, she always missed him terribly. That was why Troy had brought home Kendall in the first place, to help curb some of the loneliness.

“I'll miss you too girls. Be good while I'm gone. I don't want a repeat of last time either, Sandra. You do not mess with the doors while I'm gone, understood? I'm setting the alarm, so I will know if you do. I'll be back bright and early tomorrow.” He made sure Sandra had nodded to indicate her understanding before he reached down to ruffle Kendall’s fur and make sure her collar was still in place. He didn't even want to consider the mess he'd come home to without it. The collar activated an electronic lock that would let her out to do her business.

With a final wave, Troy opened the door and left, locking it behind him. The two pokemon stared for a minute after hearing the click before looking at each other. “What now?” Asked Sandra.

Kendall shrugged her forelegs. “We could watch some tv, and drink some of the sodas I managed to get.” She offered with a slightly mischievous grin. Troy did not like them having sugary drinks often, but being as quick and quiet as she was had its advantages. Sandra wasn't much of a rule breaker, but if Kendall had already done the hard part, she might be persuaded to acquiesce. The allure of the forbidden fruit proved too strong for the often times goody two shoes to resist. Sandra nodded eagerly.

Kendall trotted off to their shared room. Occasionally either of them slept on the couch, but Troy’s house had 3 bedrooms and only himself aside from the Pokemon. He'd used one of the spare rooms as a workout and gaming facility, but the third he'd left to Braixen, who had happily shared the space when Kendall had first joined them. What Sandra hadn't realized, however, was there was a false floorboard on a section. The Absol had been positively tickled to discover it. She tended to stash all sorts of treats in it, and it was from here the she retrieved several cans of various pops. She slipped the floorboard back in place and began setting the cans on a small cart Troy had kindly purchased for her. Being the only quadruped, it could be tricky to get things from room to room with only her mouth. The cart left her gather more things at once, something she was quite glad for as she maneuvered it out into the living room to share with Sandra.

“Tada!” The Absol exclaimed, lifting one of her forepaws as though she was pulling off a curtain. Sandra sighed and rolled her eyes, accompanying it with a mocking clap. Kendall pretended to bow, which was mostly ignored. “Would you mind doing to honors?” She asked, before trotting over to the Braixen with a can her her mouth. Her tail wagged eagerly as her friend popped the lid (the benefits of having thumbs never ceased to amaze the quadruped.), and kindly poured it out into a bowl.

Kendall began to lap at the soda enthusiastically while Sandra grinned her own can and started to guzzle it down. She wished she had any idea how the Absol managed to snag so many drinks. Even though she wasn't the type to do something like that, it was still impressive.

Soon both the can and bowl were empty, and Sandra poured out another one for her friend while drinking at her own. It looked like Kendall had gotten her paws (or more accurately teeth, judging by the small regular dents on each beverage) on about 12. They'd probably go through all of them before Troy got back, given he'd left so early in the day. Sandra didn't think it was even noon yet.

As Kendall sipped the last dregs of her bowl, she belched loudly and then gave a satisfied sigh. Sandra gave her a disapproving look, ignoring the contented sigh that came next. “Hey, want me to set up your bowl next to the TV? There is supposed to be a marathon of The Diary of a Pokéromantic starting soon. It's leading up to the final episode.”

Kendall nodded. “Of course! I can't wait to see how it ends up.” She grabbed her bowl in her mouth and the duo walked into the living room together. Sandra worked on turning the TV to the right channel since the remote had disappeared a while back. Kendall realized the soda, while delicious, had made her more thirsty from the sheer amount of sugar, and trotted back into the kitchen to drink water. She nudged the sink handle up and drank from the tap. Mmm, water was exactly what she needed.

“Kendall! Come on, it's starting!” Sandra called. “Oh, and could you grab me a water bottle out of the fridge?”

“Sure!” Kendall replied, turning the tap back off and getting back down to all fours. She made a face as her front paws hit the ground, all the liquid in her stomach seemed to slosh uncomfortably. She'd slow it down, she thought, as she hooked a paw under the fridge door handle gently to open it, took the water bottle in her teeth, and wandered back out to join Sandra.

“Thank you, that soda made me so thirsty.” The Braixen said appreciatively, as she took the bottle out of Kendall’s mouth, before cracking the lid and taking a long gulp. Kendall wagged her tail in reply, and gave a friendly nod before settling onto the couch. She noticed Sandra had refilled her bowl with one of the sodas. Awesome, she wouldn't have to ask mid episode.

“Good thing you go here! They're airing this with no commercials during the episodes, just a few intermissions.” Sandra filled Kendall in.

“Great! Commercials are the worst, I wish they'd get rid of them altogether.”

Sandra nodded with agreement, tucking her feet up onto her chair to be a little more comfortable. While her and Kendall had their disagreements from time to time, and the initial adjustment had been tough, she was really happy to have her friend. They got along really well, despite the Absol’s rebellious streak and Sandra’s more meek and obedient nature. She sipped on her water as the first episode started, quickly becoming engrossed in the show.

The intermissions, as it turned out, we pretty long. Normally Pokéromance was about an hour, but without commercials it was cut down to around forty minutes. The ten minute intermission at the end of the first episode was a welcome break to grab some snacks from the kitchen and fill Kendall’s bowl with water. Sandra had started absentmindedly drinking another water bottle when the next show started.

It wasn't until a few minutes in that she noticed her bladder was starting to send some signals. By this point she'd downed a good portion of her new water bottle, so she put the lid on and set it aside. Her legs readjusted to spread out a bit more, trying to find a new way to sit that would let her get through. She knew there was almost thirty minutes left, and she’d seen the episode before even though Kendall hadn’t. She could take a potty break, but decided to wait. Worst case scenario, she could just make a dash to the bathroom. Kendall might tease her a little, but there would be no real harm done.

Given how much she'd been drinking though, Sandra’s bladder filled faster than she had expected. Ten minutes later she was having trouble sitting still, and the episode was only half over.

Kendall began to notice Sandra’s constant movement. The sound was interrupting her immersion and was getting a bit annoying. “You okay?” She asked.

Sandra nodded, and stopped shifting around so much. She didn't mean to be quite so obvious something was wrong. Even knowing nothing really bad would happen, she felt a little shy admitting she was starting to need to pee pretty urgently. A few minutes later she bit the bullet. All that soda had gone straight through her it seemed like. She got up and started walking toward the bathroom, which was down two halls and on the left. She always thought it was weird that it was so far away from the living room, but it did put it closer to her bedroom.

Sandra shut the door behind her, locking it. Her bladder seemed to realize how close she was to the toilet, suddenly sending an extremely strong signal that it needed to let go immediately. “Mmmph.” Sandra made an unusual noise as she put her hand between her legs and pushed on her pussy. She had to bounce in place for a minute to get control. What was she thinking, letting it get this bad? Finally the full balloon inside of her settled down enough so that she could skitter over and do her business.

Sandra felt an intense relief as she started to piss. It washed over her body like a wave, relaxing her muscles as her stream echoed in the bathroom. The Braixen sighed contentedly, so glad to had just decided to go instead of waiting any longer. Although, with such an intense relief, she wondered if waiting would've made it a more pleasurable feeling. She pondered that idly for the next thirty seconds or so as she finished up, washed her hands, and returned to the living room.

“Did you get lost?” Kendall teased. Her friend had been gone a while, she must have really needed to go. Though she didn't say it, her own need was starting to build. With only fifteen minutes left in the show though, the Absol resolved to wait. It wasn't that bad yet anyway.

Sandra rolled her eyes before sitting back down. She decided to wait a little while before grabbing another drink. “Whatever.” Sandra replied. She smirked, grabbing her stick from beside the chair. She began to concentrate on a bag cheese snacks Kendall was munching on. Pointing her stick at the cheese crackers, she twitched it upward and the bag shot into the air.

“Hey!” The Absol screeched, both annoyed and confused to have her treats ripped away from her grasp. Sandra telekinetically lowered the bag into her grasp, snatching out a handful triumphantly. Kendall was not happy anyone had taken something away from her, but took it in stride. “Well at least I can wait until the end of a show to pee!” She declared, sticking her tongue out at Sandra.

“Well tell me when not peeing brings you your snacks back.” Sandra snarkily replied.

Kendall didn't want to miss out on the show any longer than she had to so rather than fighting more, she huffed indignantly and settled back onto her paws to enjoy the rest of the episode.

