CIA Interrogation

Author: Lala123

*000*2025-02-06 12:58

This is not a typical story it's a mix of journalistic genres and dialogues but I hope some of you will enjoy it as well:)

Statement from the Russian Embassy in Egypt:

The Russian Embassy in Egypt has been informed about the detention of a 20-year-old Russian national by Egyptian authorities. According to the preliminary information, her arrest was carried out in cooperation with American foreign intelligence services. We would like to emphasize that this matter is not of political significance to the Russian government. Therefore, no further action will be taken on behalf of the Russian Federation.

Translated from Russian on 5 February 2025

Internal Report – Detention of Russian National Katherina Oreshnikova

Date: 5 February 2025

Subject: Detention of Russian Citizen – Katherina Oreshnikova

At approximately 10:00 AM, a 20-year-old female Russian national, identified as Katherina Oreshnikova, was detained by Egyptian security forces in the Nasr City neighborhood, Cairo, under suspicion of potential links to terrorist organizations. The individual was observed wearing an oversized football jersey with no other clothing underneath at the time of her arrest.

In accordance with Egyptian law regarding individuals suspected of terrorism-related activities, the detainee's rights are restricted. As a result, Katherina Oreshnikova was denied access to the sanitary facilities despite claiming she had not urinated in the past 12 hours. This decision was made by Colonel Ahmed Hossam, the Chief Policeman of the Nasr City Police Station, who reviewed her case and decided to enforce this measure as per protocol for such individuals under suspicion.

Further investigation is ongoing, and the CIA has been invited to assist with intelligence coordination regarding her potential affiliations. At present, there is no conclusive evidence to confirm the nature of her involvement, and the investigation continues.

Note: This report has been translated from Arabic.

Agent Discussion regarding a detainee

Date: 5 February 2025

Location: Special Operations and Research Center, AUC, Tahrir Square Campus, Cairo

Recording initiated at 10:37 AM

This is a classified recording of a conversation between Assistant Director Emily Fisher, an American FBI operative, and CIA Agent Natalie Steele.

This recording has been intercepted and documented by the Directorate-General for External Security for further analysis and monitoring. All information contained within this recording is classified and for internal use only.

Assistant: "So, uh, we got an update on the Russian girl. She was arrested this morning in Nasr City. They're saying she’s possibly tied to some terrorist groups. And get this, she was arrested wearing nothing but an oversized football jersey. No underwear or anything."

Agent Steele: "Huh. A football jersey. Real classy…..So, no underwear. And no dignity either, apparently."

Assistant: "Yeah, they’ve been pretty harsh with her. They’ve denied her access to a bathroom. She told them she hadn’t peed in over 12 hours, but they’re not budging. Egyptian law says they can restrict basic rights for people tied to terrorism."

Agent Steele: Chuckles. "Good. The fewer rights the better. She’s in the wrong place for any sort of sympathy. Honestly, they should make it even worse…..Maybe she’ll talk when she can’t even take a piss."

Assistant: "I... I guess. But still, seems kind of rough. She could just be really scared and uncomfortable."

Agent Steele: "Yeah, sure. She could be scared, or she could be guilty. Either way, we’re in Egypt, and they don’t care about her feelings. If she does have an accident because they’ve been holding her like that, it’s an automatic 10 years in prison here. That’s a sweet little rule they have. I’m sure it’ll work out nicely for her."

Assistant: "Wait... seriously? If she just... pees herself, she gets 10 years? That’s a law?"

Agent Steele: "Yeah, it’s a real fun one. They would consider it disparaging public institutions and disrespecting public officials. They take it quite seriously. Totally convenient for situations like this. If she makes a mess, boom. Ten years. And if she doesn’t talk... well, no surprise there. She’s stuck. She’s not getting out of this easily, no matter what happens."

Assistant: "That’s... messed up. Do you think she’s going to spill anything soon?"

Agent Steele: "Doesn’t really matter. I’m the one who’ll be getting the answers. And believe me, she’ll talk. You don’t stay quiet in this situation, especially when you’re half-naked and desperate. I’ve got ways of making her crack. But if she tries to hold back, I won’t make it pretty for her"

Assistant: "Should we be worried about... how the interrogation plays out? I mean, she’s already under a lot of pressure."

Agent Steele: "Pressure? Please. I’m looking forward to it. She’s been denied everything—comfort, basic needs... I’ll make sure she gets the point quickly. She’s not here for a nice chat. She’s here to answer questions. And if she doesn’t... well, the law’s already done half the work for me."

Assistant: "Right. Understood."

Agent Steele: “Get me that policeman on the phone.”

Confidential CIA Recording

Date: February 5, 2025

Time: 11:02 AM

Subject: Conversation between CIA Agent Steele and Egyptian Police Officer Hossam regarding detainee transportation

Agent Steele: Phone ringing, then picked up "Hello?"

Policeman (Officer Hossam): "Hey, Agent Steele. Have you heard about the Russian girl? What’s the plan for her? You want her transferred?"

Agent Steele: "Yes. I need her moved to another station in El Obour. This one’s not secure enough."

Policeman (Officer Hossam): "Well, I was thinking of putting her in prison attire. She's barely dressed, and maybe letting her use the bathroom already? She’s been through a lot already and keeps constantly whining about it. We usually make them hold for a couple of hours so they remember it and then we let them go. She was already desperate when we got her here. At first, I was planning to let her pee straight away considering we are not sure she is even guilty but my colleagues insisted on keeping her waiting so I agreed for an hour or two but now I think it is the time. What do you think?"

Agent Steele: "No. Absolutely not. She gets nothing. I don’t care if she’s barely dressed. She should've thought about it before going out dressed like a slut. She’s not getting a uniform, and she’s certainly not getting any access to a bathroom! Do you understand? She’s a terrorist suspect, not someone we need to feel sorry for."

Policeman (Officer Hossam): "Alright, I get it. But she’s really in pain. I thought she would get proper treatment when Americans take her over. The road to the next station is rough. It’s five hours away, and it’s going to be real torture for her at this stage. She’s clearly struggling."

Agent Steele: "Good. Let her feel every second of it. I want her to feel as vulnerable as possible. I want her to feel her naked vagina burning. She can’t get away with it. The road doesn’t matter. I want her moved, and I want her to suffer the whole way so feel free to take the longer and more bumpy way."

Policeman (Officer Hossam): "I understand, but... you realize she’s going to be in agony on that ride, right? It's going to hurt her a lot."

Agent Steele: "Exactly. Let her feel it. Every nerve down there, every bump on the road. That’s the point. I want her broken before she even gets to the new station. She’ll know who’s in control."

Policeman (Officer Hossam): Sighs.. "Alright, Agent Steele. I’ll get her moved, but don’t say I didn’t warn you."

Agent Steele: "Just get it done, Hossam. Don’t make this more complicated. No special treatment for her. And make sure she is hydrated enough. Laughter. We don't want our girl to be thirsty. "

Policeman (Officer Hossam): “You Americans have a twisted sense of humor.”

Agent Steele: "I was not joking! Make sure to give her at least half a liter of water, even more. Alright?”

Report on Transportation of Detainee

Date: 5th February 2025

Time of Departure: 11:20 PM

Time of Arrival: 7:20 PM

Detainee Name: Katherina Oreshnikova

Destination: Special Operative Station, Egyptian National Security Police, Cairo

Transportation Details: One vehicle with two armed policemen

Summary:

At 11:20 PM, the detainee, Katherina Oreshnikova, was transported from the local holding facility to a Special Operative Station in El Obour. She was accompanied by two armed policemen for security purposes. During the journey, the vehicle experienced technical difficulties that delayed the trip, resulting in a seven-hour travel time instead of the usual five. The car had to make an emergency stop to address the issues, causing additional delays.

Detainee Condition:

The detainee was observed to be visibly uncomfortable during the journey. She had already been denied access to bathroom facilities at the previous station, which led to significant distress. She was dressed in an oversized football jersey, with no other clothing beneath it. Despite her discomfort, she did not request a bathroom break throughout the journey. At the time of arrival, the detainee had not urinated for 20 hours, having been instructed by CIA personnel to maintain her current condition for interrogation purposes.

Conclusion:

The transportation was delayed due to mechanical issues, which extended the journey to seven hours. The detainee’s condition remained consistent with previous observations, and she adhered to the instruction of holding her urine for the duration of the trip, as per CIA request.

Prepared by:

Officer Tarek El-Gamal

Egyptian National Police Department

[CIA ARCHIVE - INCIDENT REPORT #73825]

Date: February 5, 2025

Subject: Observation of Police Transport

Location: Cairo, Egypt – Detention Transport to Special Operative Station

Summary:

This document contains an excerpt from a hacked virtual diary entry belonging to an unnamed civilian observer. The civilian was in close proximity to the transport of Katherina Oreshnikova, a Russian national detained by Egyptian authorities. The diary entry is unedited and has been presented as it was discovered. The details provide further context for the ongoing surveillance of Oreshnikova.

I was on my way to get gas when I pulled up to the station and saw something that made me stop dead in my tracks. A police van had just pulled in, and they were unloading a girl and to put it bluntly—she was practically naked. She was wearing a jersey that barely covered her thighs. I couldn’t believe my eyes.

The cops were fixing something with the van, so they left her standing there in the heat, crossing her legs like she was desperate to pee. And man, she was desperate. You could tell she was already in so much pain from holding it. But the funniest thing? Nobody cared. The crowd who gathered around her, though, didn’t seem concerned with her pain—only her discomfort was entertainment for them.

Someone spoke up, "She’s just asking for attention, huh? Look at her squirming. What’s she doing out here like this?"

Another voice chimed in, "She’s in a real mess. You can see it, she’s desperate to pee. Been standing there for a while, huh? I’d be dying by now."

I felt a sick sort of amusement bubble up inside me. It wasn’t right, but I couldn’t stop watching. Her misery seemed to be the main attraction now.

One of the officers caught my eye and spoke nonchalantly, "She’s been holding it for hours. Poor girl can’t even remember the last time she was comfortable." He laughed a little as if it was no big deal.

Then I overheard something that made my stomach twist. He said, "She doesn’t have anything under that jersey, by the way. No underwear. Our princess is practically naked, and she’s too embarrassed to even move properly."

The crowd around was enjoying her discomfort more than concerned for her, and it only seemed to get worse.

Another bystander, asked, "How the hell did they even know she wasn’t wearing anything under that jersey? Did they check her or something?"

The other officer responded casually, "We figured it out when we brought her into the station. She had no choice but to shift around while they were processing her. It’s pretty obvious when someone’s not wearing underwear."

Some older man asked, “You think she’s going to make it all the way to the next station without peeing herself? She has no support down there."

Then, as if things couldn’t get any worse, something strange happened. A man walked up holding a large cup of Coca-Cola—750 ml. He handed it to one of the officers, and I overheard their conversation.

Policeman looked at her with a smirk and said, "She hasn’t had a drink in hours. It's the least we can do. We can’t just leave her thirsty, can we? No, she’ll finish this cup, it’s only polite."

The other cop laughed, "She will definitely feel the burn after that, but hey, it’s just a cup of Coke. Can’t hurt, right? It’s not like we’re asking her to chug it, but we’re not leaving until she does."

They handed her the cup. It was large, filled to the brim with cold soda. She hesitated, looking down at the drink.

“What are you looking at? You have to accept the gift, it would be ungrateful. But don't worry we will wait until you finish. We are not going anywhere. I know it feels like you hold melted iron between your legs but you girls are built for that right? Next time have a decent piss before getting arrested,” he smiled

She didn’t have much of a choice. She lifted the cup slowly to her lips, her hands trembling slightly.

She took small sips, clearly uncomfortable with every drop she swallowed, but she couldn’t refuse. The policemen stood by, watching her silently, their eyes not showing any hint of concern. They continued to chat among themselves, completely indifferent to her struggle.

As she drank, I could see the frustration in her eyes. She wasn’t doing this willingly—she knew it would only make things worse for her. Every sip, every second spent drinking it, only added to her discomfort. But the pressure was clear. They weren’t going to leave her alone until the cup was empty.

By the time she finished the drink, her expression was one of quiet resignation. She handed the empty cup back to the officer, her face pale, exhausted, and filled with a helplessness that didn’t escape me.

I stood there, feeling more and more uncomfortable. I didn’t want to be part of this, yet I couldn’t look away.

