Chib: An Omorashi Fiction

Author: Astraptera

*013*2023-03-19 08:21

Plot exposition chapter. Part of the reason I'm not posting this elsewhere is because it has a few chapters either without omo stuff or reduced omo stuff for plot reasons.

_________________

Chib Pt. 7

"So she doesn't want to talk to the pointy-eared lady because..." Cyan didn't recognize this voice. It sounded younger than everyone he'd met so far. He could smell something cooking and his stomach kicked him into full wakefulness.

"Because of her dress," replied Azri's voice patiently. "Andyne society is all about arbitrary social rules. You saw her dress; tell me what you remember."

"Ugh, Maaawm," sighed the younger voice.

"It's not a small detail, Della," said Azri patiently.

Cyan sat up, scratching his head. The beginnings of stubble on his scalp were starting to poke through, coarse and itchy. The shower was on in the bathroom, and the sound of water made Cyan need to pee.

"Ow!" Cyan gasped when a hair poked his fingertip.

"You okay over there?" asked Azri. She sat at the kitchen table with a cup of tea, across from a young teenager with mouse brown hair, matching cat ears, and pale stripes on their very pink skin that resembled tabby markings. They wore a pink shirt and almost-matching pink pants.

For as much of a poke as it had been, it hadn't left a mark. "Yeah."

"Della, this is Cyan," Azri said to the teen across from her. "Cyan, this is my oldest child, Della. It's their fifteenth birthday today."

"Nice to meet you," said Della shyly.

"Likewise," said Cyan, the word tumbling out. He simultaneously meant it and had no idea what the word meant. The bathroom would make a nice escape if it wasn't-

"Pia says you can go in the bathroom," said Azri. "If you need to pee, I have some urine sample cups for you to fill up." Della covered their eyes and their ears scrunched up in embarrassment.

When Cyan walked into the bathroom, he was met with a familiar scene: a glowing cave, with a shrine nestled in its luminous depths. There was something odd about it, but Cyan's eyes could almost trace out a path-

"Hello?" Pia looked out from the side of the image. "Oh hey, Cyan!"

"The sample cups are on the sink," Azri called from the kitchen, and Cyan shut the door behind him. Small cups with measuring lines on the sides stood on the side of the sink, and seeing them somehow made him need to pee less.

"You don't have to fill them right now if you don't want to," said Pia quietly. Her face had disappeared from the side of the cave scene, but the top of her head could be seen behind it.

"What-" Cyan approached the scene and poked it. Suddenly his brain made sense of it: it was flat, folded in five wide panels. "What is this?"

"Hm?" Pia stuck her head around the side, soap suds dripping onto the floor. "Oh, this is my shower screen. All the parts were mismatched, so Miss May and I painted it."

As if on cue, there was a knock at the front door.

"That'll be her," sighed Pia, turning off the shower. She stepped out from behind the screen a moment later in her bathrobe, twisting her hair into a towel on her head. "Are you okay, Cyan?"

Cyan jumped, and realized he'd been staring at the painting. "Y-yeah."

Cyan sat down on the toilet and waited while listening to the voices outside. May's voice was hushed, and after a few seconds Azri said, "We'll wait for you outside. Don't be long, alright?"

There wasn't much to make out of the short conversation between Pia and Miss May. By the time Cyan had finished in the bathroom, May had gone.

The next week was slow; Azri brought Della by on most of her visits, teaching them basic tasks like how to take a patient's blood pressure and vitals. On the second day, Azri implemented a simple exercise regimen for Cyan and started taking him for short morning walks around the yard with Della. Azri was less invasive with Della around, though Cyan also suspected that Pia and May had spoken to her as well.

Azri kept close track of Cyan's health, and Miss May had a full set of clothing sewn for him by the week's end, most of it her old clothes with the backs sewn up.

Tuesday morning dawned with a thin, clinging mist. Azri was careful to wrap a scarf around Cyan's neck and pull a fluffy knitted cap onto his head. It took some surreptitious adjusting, but he got it to stop pulling on the vaguely orange beginnings of hair on his scalp before they left Pia's home.

It was just after seven in the morning, and Pia was in the bathroom when they left. Della was with them, and led the way toward the entrance of the yard.

"So Mom, do I get to meet Saoirse this time?" said Della. They blushed, and it accentuated the pale tabby stripes on their skin.

"Maybe," said Azri. "I'll ask if we can have a picnic or something on Thursday."

Cyan had no idea what they were talking about, so he looked around. The aircraft he'd seen flying in sat near Miss May's shop, and the door sat partway open. He stared at it, following Della's steps absentmindedly: he'd only seen crafts like that in-...he tried to focus on the memory and it dissipated.

"Why not the day of? We could meet her in town," said Della.

"I'll ask Pia, bubble," conceded Azri. "But remember that it takes three days to get here from Constantia. She's going to be tired out by the time she gets here."

The walk took them to the town overlook. An interworld delivery airship hung in the air in the distance, and May was outside in her coveralls. She greeted Azri with a quick kiss, which prompted the words "how scandalous" to sleepily drift across Cyan's mind. He wasn't sure what to think of it, and the voice didn't elaborate. May asked Cyan how his clothes were fitting, but didn't have time to stay around further.

Pia was gone when Cyan arrived back at the air skiff.

"So, Cyan," said Azri. "I'm going to be at a nurses' conference out at Chocolate Smudge until Monday. I'll be contacting Pia and Miss May regularly over the radio, but I want you to continue our walks if you can, and let Pia know if the color of your urine changes significantly."

Behind Azri, Della facepalmed in embarrassment.

"I will," said Cyan. Once Azri and Della had gone, he shut the door behind him and got himself a glass of water.

_____________________________________________________

Chib Pt 8

Cyan took a sip of his water. Breakfast this morning was a bright yellow pureed soup. It smelled good, but the color was so bright that Cyan didn't trust it.

"Like a dog with orange eyebrows," he whispered to himself.

"Hmm?" Pia looked up from the sink, where she was rinsing the mug she'd used for her soup. She and Miss May would be flying into town again for errands that day, and they had to be out there at half past seven. While Pia set her mug on the drying rack and reached for her coat, the digital clock on the stove turned lazily to 07:00. Sitting at the table, Cyan wore a sweatshirt over one of Pia's long nightshirts and an oversized pair of athletic shorts with a patch sewn onto the hem of the thigh.

Cyan tried to explain the orange eyebrows, and felt the thought slip away. "I...don't know."

"Was it something you heard from Della?" asked Pia. "That sounds like something sh-...they would say."

That triggered something in Cyan's memory, something Della had said. "I don't think so. Who's Saoirse?"

Whatever Cyan was expecting, he didn't expect Pia to freeze up, blushing madly, and titter, "Oh she's uh...she's a really good friend. I umm...I talk to her a lot over the radio. At night. I talk to her at night."

"You do?" asked Cyan. "I've never heard you talking to her on the radio. The buzzing it makes wakes me up every time."

Pia's face reddened until it nearly matched the crimson of her irises. "So you heard her name-..." She seemed afraid to finish the sentence.

"Della mentioned it," said Cyan. Pia looked like she was about to faint. "On our walk yesterday. They said they want to meet Saoirse."

"Oh," said Pia. She sagged in relief and tried to disguise it by plopping down on the couch and pretending to fiddle with her shoes. She let her long, straight green hair hand down and hide her face. "Yes. She's visiting next week."

"What day is she coming?" Cyan asked.

Pia stood up quickly. "On Wednesday. Whoops, I need to get to work, see ya later!" She bolted before Cyan could ask any more questions.

Cyan liked the soup, which was a good thing because Azri had given Pia a large pot of it the day before. When he finished he washed his mug and spoon and set them next to Pia's on the drying board. There was nothing else to do, so he left for his walk just past eight.

The cool air felt good on Cyan's face. His walks had gradually gotten longer until he could make it to the western lookout point at the dockyard's entrance without having to stop. Azri had pointedly avoided the direction in which the off-season guest was staying. The aircraft was nestled in a corner, facing the forest. Cyan strained to get a glimpse of it whenever it came into view, and liked staring at the geometric designs on the craft's skylights. It sat high off the ground on a pair of unusual hover nacelles, and its rounded hexagonal shape gave it an odd mollusk-like appearance.

Without Azri to nudge him away, Cyan decided to let himself drift toward that area of the dockyard. The drifting didn't go as planned: he didn't know the maze of boardwalks as well as he thought he did. Cyan had brought plenty of water and was staying hydrated, but that was starting to present a problem. He counted at least four sets of stairs down to the ground, but he'd have to navigate winding paths to each. The boardwalk was higher than he cared to try dropping down from, so he picked his way toward the closest set of stairs.

The nearest stairs were practically within arm's reach when he found that there was a gap he hadn't seen, and stood staring at the boardwalks. His bladder tightened as he traced the route to the stairs, and he absentmindedly took a drink of water. It didn't help anything.

Cyan didn't remember making the decision, but he heaved himself onto his stomach and inched one leg off the boardwalk.

"Are you okay over there?" echoed a voice while Cyan gracelessly overbalanced and fell off the walkway. He flopped limply onto his back, which hurt less than he'd expected but it had also jostled his bladder. Cyan had just enough time to sit up, yank aside his shorts, and hope for the best-

A winged figure swooped down in front of Cyan: an Andyne woman in a ruffled green dress that settled around her like snow as she landed. She had tanned skin and high cheekbones, and her streaky mint-green hair was bound in a high ponytail, emphasizing her pointed ears.

"Are you-" she looked down, her coral-pink eyes widening. She covered her eyes, blushing as brightly as Pia had earlier. There was a long moment of awkward silence. It gave Cyan a quick break to catch his breath. "Are you okay?" she forced out.

"I think so," said Cyan. He was still leaking, but for some reason, he couldn't let go. He pulled back his shorts and spread his legs wider.

"Are you gonna uhm..." the andyne woman hesitated. "Can you cover yourself?"

Cyan took a breath to say something, but instead the words "Are you going to look if I do?" slipped out.

The woman shrugged and gave a self-effacing laugh. "Only if you want me to." There was a short, frantic pause and she added: "Please forget I said that. I'm so sorry. Why didn't you just use the stairs?"

Cyan felt a stab of annoyance. "They're not connected." He was trying to let go, but couldn't. "I meant to go under the walkway like Pia does when she has an emergency."

Another pause welled up, and Cyan's bladder finally released. His usual bright blue piss whizzed loudly into the dirt, and he couldn't help giving a big sigh. He tried to disguise it as a yawn and hoped the woman wouldn't notice.

"Pia? Is that short for Cassiopeia?" said the woman.

"Uhm-"

The woman gasped, "Do you call her Pia because-..." Yet another pause. She fidgeted, pressing her legs together beneath her skirt. "Do you mind if I pee too? I can use my wing as a screen."

"Sure," said Cyan. The woman was careful to shield her eyes while she hunkered next to him, carefully positioning her wing between them and spreading her feathers. Her dress rustled and she loosed what sounded like a small waterfall with a long, relieved sigh. Meanwhile Cyan was still going strong, and his urine left a subtle blue tint to the dry dirt as it soaked in.

"So...do you call her Pia because of her uh..." asked the woman, peering just slightly over her wing. "Condition?"

"Condition?" repeated Cyan. Next to him, the woman grunted and let out one last big spray. She leaned back, legs open, and dripped dry. Her wing had relaxed a bit and he could see her face.

"She goes pee a lot," said the woman, as though that explained everything.

"Everybody goes pee a lot," Cyan pointed out. "Especially if they have Azri telling them to stay hydrated."

The woman lowered her wing further and gave him a long, stern look. "Who are you?"

Cyan opened his mouth to speak, and words fell out again: "Excuse me, but you're watching me pee. Who are you?"

"I can only see enough to tell that you haven't taken off your pants," The woman snorted, "But touche. I'm Avaris Nucifera. I'd touch palms* with you but we're both little busy."

"I'm Cyan," said Cyan. He glanced downward; he was almost finished and had kept his shorts dry...except his butt was wet. He looked over his shoulder and saw his water bottle on the ground. The lid had fallen off, and the water had soaked into his shorts. It was close enough to Avaris for her to pick up, and she did, brushing off the dirt. Cyan's name was on the side, inked in Pia's neat handwriting.

"Ah, so this is yours," said Avaris. She stood up, keeping one wing out between them and dropping her skirt. She'd left a sizable wet spot in the dirt. "Sorry about that. Landing reflex**."

Cyan finished, hastily shook off, and pulled the leg of his shorts back into place. A hand lowered into view in front of him. Without thinking he took it, and Avaris yanked him to his feet so fast that he stumbled. Avaris steadied him; she was about a head shorter than he was, and looking down into her face gave him an uncanny sense of familiarity. It made him pull away, masking his unease by surveying his shorts. The water bottle had been just over half full and had mainly soaked along one thigh, and it wasn't as bad as he'd thought.

"How are you feeling? All your bones still in place?" asked Avaris.

"I feel good," said Cyan. There wasn't any lingering tenderness, and he hadn't pulled anything.

"I'll bet you do after that," Avaris replied, gesturing at the blue-tinted puddle Cyan had made. Cyan found himself wishing that his hair was as long as Pia's so he could hide his face. "Phew. Why is it blue, by the way?"

*Touching palms is a common greeting between worlds, where both participants perform essentially a slow-motion high-five. Andynes notoriously add customs, only use a specific hand for certain interactions, and privately ridicule the ways other Andynes touch palms.

**The landing reflex is a strong urge to urinate that comes on quickly after an andyne lands. Andynes have very strong, very large bladders otherwise, and can typically go for 1-2 days without urinating if they don't drink much.

*015*2023-03-19 22:21

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

That's what I thought, just wanted to be sure.

I'm still enjoying the chapters by the way. It is just difficult sometimes to think of comments that mean much more than "I liked it", so I'm just upvoting instead

}}

I appreciate it! ❤️ And I'm glad you like it - it makes me want to work on the plot a bit more - I'm sure of some things, but I'm not quite sure where it's going. Thank you so much for reading! ❤️

*016*2023-03-23 00:25

Another chapter with more annotations for some reason.

_______________________

Chib Part 9:

Avaris walked Cyan back to Pia's airship, ducking under the walkways until they reached the stairs. Against his better judgment, Cyan didn't ask Avaris to stay outside...but when he walked in she didn't follow.

"Do you want to come in?" he asked. Part of Cyan's brain was screaming at him not to trust her, but the other part - the one that drifted, unbidden and fleeting like a shadow - overrode it. It was just past nine in the morning and already starting to get hot, and they were both starting to sweat.

"I can't be indoors for long, but I'd appreciate a glass of water," said Avaris. She entered the craft hesitantly, almost as though her weight might tip over the hovercraft.

Cyan washed his water bottle and poured them both some water while Avaris sat down heavily at the kitchen table, panting as though she'd just run a marathon. Cyan set down the water and sat across from her.

"Are you alright, Avi?" He was a bit surprised at his use of the nickname, but Avaris didn't seem to notice. She thanked him for the water and drank the entire glass in two gulps.

"Yeah. I don't usually use my wings, and that tired me out. Can I pour myself some more water?"

Avaris downed three more glasses of water at the sink. She washed her glass, thanked Cyan, and started for the door.

"Thank you so much for your hospitality, Cyan," said Avaris. "I need to get back home and have a lie-down."

Cyan had about a thousand questions chasing each other around his brain, and got the opportunity to ask exactly none of them before Avaris left.

Pia secured everything in the wagon they used to carry the groceries back. The little enclosed craft was pleasantly cool in the midday heat, and Pia and May had nothing to do but wait until Segoe's lone mountain came into sight. The errands that May had intended to take all day at Cloudwater Cove had only taken them until two in the afternoon, even with a long lunch.

May leaned back in her chair at the control panel and turned to Pia, sitting in the passenger seat with a set of radio headphones slung around her neck.

"That Nucifera twerp is still asking about you," said May, staring out the window at the grassy sun-baked plains below.

"From what you've told me she doesn't sound too bad. I'm sure if I spoke to her she'd be reasonable," Pia replied evenly.

May shook her head, her hawklike amber eyes darting to the window to the outside as though the woman might be standing there. She wasn't, and they were still an hour away from the dockyard.

"Something is off about her," May persisted. "She knows you came from Grace Harbor, and she knows about your condition. I think she has it too."

Last Thursday

The spicy-sweet aroma of leather conditioner, burned toaster pastries, and axle grease greeted May when she entered the old shop. It didn't quite cover the smell of ancient nicotine, but it was a welcome distraction from the Nucifera girl.

"Are you sure we can get that specific gauge here?" asked Avaris, fretting as she came through the door. She seemed nervous, hopping from one foot to another in her ridiculous floaty red dress. Her hair had been plaited into two long, streaky green braids, and she wore shoes better suited to a few hours of ballet than a day out visiting the scrapyard.

May wore a smartly-ironed set of overalls, and her hair dusky blue hair had been pulled up into a traditional no-nonsense (if painfully tight) Andyne topknot. "Of course. Lady Jenkins keeps a fair stock of rare parts, and if she doesn't have it, she can make it."

A Grisderm* woman of indefinite age seemed to pop up from nowhere. She wore a light magenta robe that went down to her spindly knees and a pair of heavy boots underneath.

"Lady Jenkins? That has a nice ring to it," snorted the much-hyped Lady Jenkins. "Just Lady is fine though. Two gorgeous winged ladies grace my shop and think they need to butter me up. Your custom order's all finished, Miss Eneko, and you are...?" Lady gave Avaris a pointed look that made her squirm.

"I'm Avaris," she said, smiling politely, and touched palms with Lady. Grisderms had four digits per hand instead of the more human five, and May watched for a reaction of disgust from her temporary shopping companion. There wasn't one.

"So, Avaris, what brings you to The Tinkering Scallop? Miss Eneko here," Lady indicated Miss May. "She has a nose for rare airship parts, so usually I'm the one buying from her."

A long conversation about hover manifolds, water piping, flux capacitors, fuses, and interior decorating ensued. The discourse was concluded when Avaris ran to the restroom for the third time that trip. Her thunderous urination echoed off the slick tiled walls of the bathroom while May waited for Lady to retrieve her custom order.

On the way back to their aircraft, Avaris bought a large bottle of fruit tea and finished it just in time to refill the cup with ice water for the journey back. They'd planned to stop at Cloudwater Cove for lunch, a two-hour trip south of Shell Bay.

Avaris had brought several textbooks with her to read on the journey, and sat with her legs tightly crossed in the passenger's chair. It was a cool, cloudy Saturday afternoon, and when May radioed the Cloudwater Cove dockyard she found that it was closed for off-season renovations. Avaris didn't take the news well.

"You can pee off the back," said May. "I'd hurry though if I were you. The rain is about to-" A rumble of thunder stopped her and made both of them jump. May knew they were safe inside the transport craft, but still did a quick double-check of the controls.

"You alright, kid?" May's heart was still racing a little, pounding in her ears. As it let up, she thought she could hear a quiet whizzing noise just over the sound of the rain beginning to lash the windows.

"I'm-" Avaris gulped, blushing. Her posture was oddly stiff, and she was leaning back just a little. "I'm okay."

May sat down in her seat at the controls and heard the whizzing noise again. It seemed to be coming from the passenger's seat, next to the radio where Avaris sat, and went on for what felt like a long time. May scanned the wall for leaks.

Avaris sat, reading her book with a cute, catlike smile.

"Do you hear that, Avaris?" asked May.

The sound stopped. "Hear what?" Avaris looked up casually from her book. Too casually, May thought, but didn't know what to make of it.

"Let me know if you see any leaks around the radio," May said, checking the compass. The whizzing noise started again, and May focused on it as her fingers manipulated a useless square of dials next to the controls. How long had it been going on, she wondered. Just how much water had gotten into the cabin already?

Wwwwsshhhhhwwsshhh-

May listened hard for any dripping and heard a small fart. Avaris's voice gave a big, relieved sigh, and suddenly May needed to pee.

Pia stood up and checked her seat. It was dry. "So you're saying she peed on this seat?"

"Right there," May confirmed. "I never found any spots or drips. But when I dropped her off at her aircraft, I noticed she was wearing something puffy under her skirt. It must've absorbed all the uh...secondhand fruit tea and ice water."

*Grisderm: A race of humanoids that look like the group of aliens called "the grays." They have tough elephant-like skin and either very pale or very dark eyes. The men carry the young to term in a brood pouch, and both genders typically wear long robes. Grisderms are very protective of their culture, so not much is known about them outside their homeworld.

**Summer is the slow season in Segoe(southwestern region); the eastern hub is easier for shipping lanes to go through. The western hub is easier in the winter, making it Segoe's busy season.
