A morning stroll

Author: LeakyGirl

*000*2019-05-19 21:34

So Luke woke from his peaceful slumber and looked at his girlfriend who was sleeping in his arms. He brushed a few stray blonde hairs from her face and kissed her forehead.

He got up to go make breakfast, pancakes and Nutella. That's when he came up with a plan for the day. He was going to fill his girlfriend up and take her on a nice long walk. He began to make his girlfriend a strawberry milkshake and a tea. He then went back to his room to see his beautiful girlfriend sitting up stretching.

"Morning sweetie" she yawned. As she reached her arms out for a hug. "Morning I've made breakfast" luke told Katy. Her green eyes lit up and she rushed to the dining room and sat in front of her meal. Luke just chuckled as he sat across from her.

They both began to eat and Katy noticed something. She had two fairly large drinks. Luke only makes her two when he wants her to wet. She doesn't mention it as she's looking forward to what her hot boyfriend has in store for her.

When they finished there meal Luke announced they were going to have a picnic for lunch as the weather was beautiful. Katy decided she was going to go get dressed whilst Luke began preparing some food and lots of drinks. She put on a lacy white bra and matching panties. She wore skin colour tights and light pink booty shorts. She put on a low cut white vest. She place her long her in at tight ponytail and did some natural makeup.

She then went to go make some food whilst Luke got dressed. He packed a bag with spare clothes for katy just in case. He decided they were ready to go. Katy suggested that they pee before they leave and Luke told her that she can only go when given permission. But just to tease her he went to the bathroom for a long pee. He washed his hands and they set off.

Ten minutes into the walk Luke got out a water bottle and handed it to Katy. She took a few sips and went to hand it back. "Finish it" Luke stated. Katy went to argue but knew it wouldn't help. So she began taking large gulps of the bottle till there was nothing. "Good girl" cooed Luke. They carried on for a few more minutes but Luke could tell that Katy needed to go. They carried on down the path.

Katy then stopped in her tracks. "Ummm Luke can I go pee?" She asked, hoping to get the answer she wants. "Nope" Luke stated. He then stood in front of his girlfriend as he placed a hand on her back. Then he placed his other hand on her bulging bladder. He smirked at the thought of all this pee rushing out of his girlfriends tiny bladder. He then pushed her bladder holding her I place with his hands. As she moaned slightly having one hand deep in her crotch and the other on her boyfriends wrist.

He then stopped pushing and asked her to spread her legs. She complied as her bent down to get a look. Her shorts looked fine but when he pulled them to the side he was met with her soaked panties. They were practically see through. "Well someone leaked a lot" Luke said. Katy just nodded her head remember the amazing feeling of pee rushing out of her pussy and into her panties. It was amazing. She couldn't wait to completely lose it.

Luke pulled out another bottle. This time katy drank most of the bottle before stopping. "I can't have anymore I'm full" she told her boyfriend. "Finish it" is all he said so she did. Luke looked at his girlfriend pregnant with pee. He loved it. But he could tell she was struggling to hold as she couldn't stand still and kept at least one hand in her crotch.

He then began walking in with her towards the woods. Her strides getting shorter and shorter. "I-I can't last much longer" she stuttered. They carried on their walk as they reached the woods. They walked for about five minutes before Luke stopped. His tall skinny frame towering over his girlfriend. He looked down at his short girlfriend squirming with both hands deep in her crotch. "Spread you legs" Luke demanded. She did and she slowly moved her hands. Luke saw a small wet patch.

Katy was loving this. Pee kept escaping from her pussy into her soaked panties. Her athletic body was trembling from holding. She loved losing control. That's when she felt it. "L-Luke I-I'm gonna" Luke stood up as his girlfriend peed full force into her soaked panties and tights into her shorts. Luke watched as pee dripped down her legs the wet patch growing with every second. Katy moaned at the amazing feeling. As her flow began to slow down.

She stood there panting as pee just dripped from her shorts into her large puddle. "That felt amazing" she gasped, a look of pure pleasure on her face. "I never gave you permission to though. You know what that means. You get a punishment" Luke teased. Katy just nodded her head. Luke pulled out a skirt as she slipped off the soaked shorts and placed on the skirt. "Picnic time" Katy said as she began to head out of the wood and back on the path to a field. Luke took one last look at the huge puddle before following his girlfriend.

