Fire Emblem 3 Houses: As The Curtain Falls

Author: Leviathan95

*000*2023-04-24 00:30

**Hey everyone this is my first fiction post, requested by Grenn34 here on the site, feel free to DM me requests anytime and let me know if there are any ways I can improve my writing, hope you enjoy the story**

Dorothea has a reputation at the Officer’s Academy, she may have grown up a commoner, but everyone knew her as graceful, determined, and even above that, beautiful. Having been a star for the Mittelfrank Opera made her aware of how she carries herself, and having spent so much time in the spotlight she developed habits that kept her from slipping off of the pedestal that people put her on. Which is why it was so strange for her to be late for class. Professor Byleth paid it no mind, not much would keep her from following her lesson plan for the day, however the other Black Eagles noticed right away that something was wrong. While Byleth instructed them on proper form in battle a few of them chose to discuss the strange occurrence.

“This is not being like Dorothea’s usual self” Petra comments, “Perhaps she is feeling underweathered”

Hubert gives a small chuckle, “It truly is unlike her, hopefully she hasn’t been involved in some sort of… grim accident”

Bernadetta shivers at Hubert’s comment, “Oh goddess! Hubert, did you poison Dorothea?! That’s it isn’t it?! And now that I know I’m going to be next! I don’t want to die!”

Because of Bernadetta’s sudden outburst Byleth stops the lesson and all the students stop talking and face Byleth.

“Bernadetta, is something the matter?” Byleth inquires

“N-n-n-no Professor, it’s nothing at all, sorry for interrupting” Bernadetta stammers while giving constant glances over at Hubert. Byleth shrugs and continues the lesson.

“Don’t be crazy Bernadetta, why would Hubert poison Dorothea?” Caspar interjects

“Well I’m sure Hubert could find a reason, I can’t see how it would help Edelgard though, So I doubt he killed her” Linhardt stated

After a few moments of silence, aside from Byleth’s teaching, the door to the classroom opens and in walks Dorothea, looking slightly flustered but otherwise no different from her usual self, the students murmur to each other a bit and Byleth addresses Dorothea

“Welcome to class Dorothea, I’ll keep you for a few minutes after class to go over what you missed” Byleth states calmly

“Thanks Professor, sorry for being late”

Dorothea sat down and shifted around in her seat and thought about how her morning had started.

(-Earlier-)

Dorothea had gone to sleep at the same time she usually did, but while her average nights of sleep went by uneventfully, tonight she had one of her rare dreams, and tonight was not a fun dream. Her dream began with her on stage as she had been so many times before, except this time the audience was empty, she still performed with her usual enthusiastic delivery, and when the scene ended she expected to hear cheers and whistles, but this time they were replaced with laughter. Laughter wasn’t the response she wanted, it embarrassed her and tore away at her heart, they weren’t taking her seriously, she was a joke to them. She couldn’t stand it, she stared out at the sea of empty seats, the air filled with laughter, and only once the curtain falls and the laughter fades does she finally wake up sad, but relieved to be awake.

Dorothea gets out of bed and as she walks to her bathroom she notices a change, normally she woke with the sun still rising, but it was much brighter outside. She poked her head out and realized that she had overslept! As panicked as she was at this realization she knew she still had a reputation to uphold, she made sure to get ready properly so that her hair, makeup, and uniform all looked as good as ever. She did however forgo her usual morning bathroom break to save time and make it to class.

She decided not to run, as not to ruin all of her morning preparations, but she did walk a lot faster than normal. Luckily all of her fellow students were in class, and none of the usual Garreg Mach staff paid her any mind. She arrived at the Black Eagles classroom, which now of all times it was noticeable that it was the farthest class from the dorms. She took a moment to compose herself outside the door before slowly and as quietly as possible opening the door. Of course that was just a courtesy as everyone in the classroom noticed her come in, she felt awkward with everyone watching her, but she made it to her seat, and with Byleth offering to cover what she missed after class, she was ready to go about her day.

The first class of the day always felt the longest, it was always the class where they discussed theory. Normally Dorothea would be planning out her daily routine and thinking about potential bachelors for her to talk to, however today there was only one thing on her mind. At first it was nothing, but about halfway through class Dorothea felt a shiver go all throughout her body, she knew exactly what it meant. She knew that skipping her morning pee would cause her discomfort, but she was now facing the consequences of her actions. She tried to push the thought out of her mind, but it kept creeping back in. She crossed her legs to try to help ease the pressure a bit, it helped a little bit, but she ended up bouncing in her seat all through the class.

She tried to listen to the professor but the only strategies that stuck in her mind were her strategy for how to find her way to a bathroom during the lunch break without drawing too much attention. She thought that as soon as the bell went she would slip out of class and get to the bathroom before anyone could notice, but then she remembered that she’d have to wait until after Byleth went over the points that she missed in class, that thought only made the pressure in her bladder feel that much worse. She’d have to use the washroom while the others were in the mess hall and hope she’d have time afterwards to have a full balanced meal, she couldn’t let one bad night throw off her entire diet.

Finally class ended and the students started packing up their things, Dorothea packed her bag and walked over to Byleth’s desk, as the class started to clear out Byleth finally spoke.

“Is everything alright Dorothea? It’s not like you to be late, I hope you got a full night’s sleep”

“Don’t worry Professor, I got lots of sleep, just had a nightmare that made me oversleep”

“Alright, well then let's go over the proper form for different weapons…” Byleth went on for about ten minutes about what positions to take with different weapons and provided demonstrations, Dorothea was just glad she was allowed to stay seated so she could hold her crotch to keep the pressure down. “Alright Dorothea, do you think you understand?”

“Yes professor, thanks for staying to go over it with me, I won’t be late again, I promise” Dorothea stood and went to leave.

“Hang on Dorothea,” Byleth said with no hint as to what she wanted, Dorothea froze for a second. “It’s lunch time, would you like to accompany me to the mess hall and eat together?”

Dorothea hadn’t even thought of this happening, she wasn’t prepared. She needed to go to the bathroom, but she’d hate to disappoint the professor. She could always go on her way to the next class. “I would love to, Professor”

Byleth led the way to the mess hall, Dorothea could usually keep up with the professor’s walking pace but today she had to go a bit slower to keep from outwardly showing her desperation. To any onlookers she seemed no different than any other day. Dorothea did notice that with her slower pace she got to watch the professor as she walked. The professor was stunning, even to someone like Dorothea, and she carried herself as if she hadn’t a fear in the world, it was a confidence that not even Dorothea could replicate. She looked up to the professor even if they were so different. Dorothea a deeply passionate and creative girl, and Byleth a cold and logical woman. A part of her always wanted to be the one to break through that outer layer to see what kind of emotion lies beneath.

While Dorothea was watching and thinking about the professor she had almost missed the professor inviting someone else to join them. Byleth always liked to sit with two of her students, but why did it have to be him, today of all days.

“I would be honored to dine with the two of you, it would be unbecoming of a noble to refuse such a kind offer from such graceful Ladies.” Ferdinand said in his usual tone of nobility.

“Easy there Ferdie, if you keep talking like that I may have to show you how graceful Ragnarok is”

“There’s no need for the usual games, Dorothea, after all it would be rude for us to fight when the Professor has so kindly offered to have lunch with us.” Ferdinand responded

Byleth gave the two of them a blank look, and Dorothea sighed before smiling back at Byleth, and with that they got their food and sat down. Byleth and Ferdinand talked with each other a lot over lunch, but Dorothea was focused on her food and her desperate urge to use the bathroom. She originally planned to excuse herself as soon as she finished her food, but with Ferdinand she knew that he would comment on her leaving early which could easily cause a scene. She had to just sit by and wait until all three of them had finished eating. Because Dorothea wasn’t talking much she finished her food rather quickly, Byleth noticed and commented, “Dorothea don’t forget to drink your water, we’re doing training exercises after lunch, you have to stay hydrated.”

“Don’t worry professor, I always make sure to stay hydrated,”

“Well allow me to grab us all another glass of water, That way we’ll all be able to give even more effort during our training today!” Ferdinand said, and before Dorothea could argue he had already grabbed their cups and walked away. Dorothea instinctively sighed in frustration and held her hand into her crotch as her pain became worse, and her bladder began to swell even more

“Are you sure everything is alright? You seem to be very uncomfortable” Byleth mentioned

Dorothea suddenly realized how she must look right now, and she began to straighten herself out “I’m doing alright, let’s just say that nightmare is still getting to me”

“Well if it happens again there are medicinal herbs you could try that would help you sleep better” Byleth offered

“Sleep? I was talking about Ferdinand” Dorothea said with as real a laugh as she could muster

After a few more moments Ferdinand returns with the glasses of water and places them all down on the table. He goes to speak but Byleth stops him. “Ferdinand, would you be able to pick me up some tea leaves from the shop? I’m running low and I can’t make it into town because I have to set up the training ground for class, I’m sure someone with your refined tastes can pick out some good tea”

Ferdinand looks surprised for a moment before giving a determined smile, “Of course professor, you can count on me, I pride myself on my knowledge and taste for Tea, I’ll have those tea leaves to you before class starts” Ferdinand hurries off to the shops and Dorothea lets out a sigh of relief “Thanks Professor, I don’t know how long I’d have made it with him around”

“You’rew welcome, though the two of you should try to get along, you will be fighting alongside each other a lot, it’s always better to fight beside a friend.” Byleth lectured

“I know, he just annoys me so much.”

“Well start by accepting some acts of kindness from him, he may be annoying, but a glass of water is a kind gesture otherwise”

Dorothea cringes from the implication, she looks at the glass of water and her thighs clench together instinctively. She sighs and grabs the glass before drinking the whole thing. She was starting to wear thin, it no longer mattered if people saw her go into the bathroom as long as she could get to one.

“Would you care to walk with me to the training grounds?” Dorothea barely registered the question at first before realizing that this could be just what she needed. The training grounds have their own bathroom, and if she went with Byleth there would be enough time for her to go before anyone showed up for class.

“I would love to Professor”

She nearly forgot how badly she had to pee for a moment as she followed Byleth through the mess hall into the entrance hall. She was concerned about taking a longer route to get there but she didn’t want to draw attention to her desperation.

“Greetings professor!”

With those two words Dorothea felt like her heart had sunk right into her bladder, she felt herself pee just a little bit, barely enough to dampen her panties, but she knew she didn’t have long. After a rather lengthy report from Byleth’s favorite gatekeeper regarding a man claiming that Anna was some kind of god, Byleth said goodbye and they were headed back to the training grounds. Dorothea walked with her thighs clenched as tightly as possible while still looking mostly dignified. They arrived at the training grounds and much to her dismay, Dorothea saw half the class had already gathered there, Bernadetta rushed over to her as Byleth continued on to set up for training.

“D-Dorothea I uh, need to ask a f-favor of you” Bernadetta stammered

“What is it Bern, I’m not really sure if..”

“WILL YOU BE MY SPARRING PARTNER? P-p-please?”

Dorothea thought for a minute, once again it seemed like she wouldn’t get to use the bathroom, but Bernadetta was terrible in a straight fight, meaning that if she sparred with her, she could take it easy and not worry as much about her bladder. “Of course Bern, I’d love to spar with you!”

“Thank you so much Dorothea, the others take it so seriously you’re the only one that understands that sparring doesn’t have to be so crazy!” Bernadetta celebrated

Dorothea leaned up against a wall until it was time to train, trying to keep her bouncing as minimal as possible until it was finally time to spar with Bernadetta. The two of them fought slowly, trying to keep with the fundamentals that Byleth had taught them, Dorothea was managing to hold very well. She moved to parry Bernadetta’s next swing but with how tense she was she hit the sword harder than planned and when the clash of metal rang out Bernadetta panicked, she knocked away Dorothea’s sword and hit her in the stomach with the side of her training blade. The hit itself didn’t hurt, Bernie wasn’t that strong, but she had hit her right in the bulge from her bladder, and in that moment a stream of pee escaped her body, she barely managed to stop it after about two seconds, she glanced around and it seemed like no one noticed her pee, she had never been so glad to wear a skirt.

“Excellent disarm Bernadetta, alright everyone that’s enough for today!” Byleth’s voice called out. Dorothea wasn’t sure if Byleth had seen what happened, but Dorothea knew that she could now get back to her own bathroom, away from the others. Dorothea left as quickly as she could, if she could run without wetting herself she would, but all she could manage was a brisk walk with her thighs clenched together. She got a few weird looks on her way back but she knew that it was either a few weird looks, or everyone talking about how she wet herself for the rest of the year.

She made it back to her room when she heard a voice from behind her.

“Dorothea! A moment?” Edelgard called to her

“Can it wait, Edie? I really have to…”

Dorothea turns to go inside but stops when she hears Edelgard continue

“No Dorothea, it can’t! I don’t know why but you’ve been acting strangely all day, and I’m sure I’m not the only one who noticed”

“Well everyone has their off days Edie… now can I please…”

Edelgard cuts her off and she instinctively crosses her legs to try to relieve the pressure that is threatening to burst out of her

“I believe that you carry a lot more power than you know, you may not be of a noble house, but you manage to succeed, and thrive despite that, and people take notice of that dedication”

“I think you put more weight into my position than…”

Dorothea starts bouncing impatiently as sweat starts to trickle down her face

“In a perfect world it would be people like you that get to run society, not people born with a good crest, but the people that can work there way up and outpace those with natural advantages”

“Well thank you Edie, but…”

She shuts her eyes knowing Edelgard isn’t finished and focuses on anything other than her nearly exploding bladder

“So today had me worried that you were slipping, I’d hate to see someone with such dedication come so far just to fall right back down”

She no longer cares how obvious she is and she holds her hand over her crotch to hold her pee in as best she can

“I really just need a minute”

Edelgard seemingly oblivious of Dorothea’s words or actions continues on

“You’ve always helped to give the Black Eagles a good name, and I’d hate to see that get washed away, so if there’s ever anything I can do to help you stay at your normal state, all you need do is ask”

Finally fed up with Edelgard’s monologue, she stomps her foot as hard as hse can, nearly releasing her bladder in the process and yells “You could shut up for one minute and let me use the bathroom, or else you’ll watch that good name get washed away in front of you, Edelgard!”

Edelgard finally brought into the real conversation Dorothea was having with her gasps at the sudden outburst and starts to blush. “Oh I, uh, well don’t let me stop you any longer”

Dorothea has already gone inside and slams the door behind her, she aggressively undoes her skirt and throws it to the floor as she runs to her bathroom, unable to hold it any longer she yanks her panties down and drops her butt onto the toilet as the floodgates open and a stream of urine shoots into the bowl beneath her, she can’t help but lean back as she releases the pressure that had been building all day, she lets out a loud moan of satisfaction as the weight begins to leave her body.

Her body trembles and her mind enters a state of euphoria, the only sounds to be heard are her moans and the sound of her emptying her bladder. The stream shows no signs of stopping as she starts to pant from the intensity of her desperation, she doesn’t even think about how loud she’s being, she just lets her instincts take over and enjoy being free and safely at home with her reputation at least mostly intact. Her mind starts to return from it’s high and she sits up, still peeing at a constant rate.

She looks down at her panties resting around her ankles and sees the dark spot that formed during training and she begins to worry. What if someone saw? maybe her skirt got wet too, will people talk? Is Edelgard still outside? If she is, can she hear? As she starts worrying her pee starts slowing and coming out in spurts and her anxiety starts to spread. She finally stops peeing and light soreness replaces the weight that was in her bladder. She takes a few heavy breathes, still a bit shaken by how desperate she was. She lets out a sigh, and finally stands back up, realizing that her legs have gone numb she steadies herself and flushes her toilet. Beginning to leave her bathroom, she kicks her panties off for her to clean later, she returns to the door and opens it enough to poke her head out and keep her body hidden. She sees Edelgard standing there still, blushing and clearly flustered.

“Sorry about that Edie, don’t worry too much about me, just had a tough day, but I’ve made it to the other side, I promise I won’t be late again. Oh, and I’m sure I don’t have to tell you to keep this between us”

Edelgard brushes her skirt down before recomposing herself finally “Of course Dorothea, why would I need to tell anyone about a normal conversation between classmates?”

“Thanks Edie, oh and if there’s ever a next time, you don’t have to wait around, wouldn’t want anyone thinking the future empress was a pervert!”

Dorothea closes the door again seeing Edelgard’s face react with embarrassment and anger

“Now see here…!”

Dorothea ignores her and returns to bed, she always enjoyed teasing Edelgard, for someone as composed as her she is easily flustered when things get personal. She lets out another sigh and brushes her hands down her body, remembering that she is half naked, she decides to wind down for the night and removes the rest of her clothes. As her adrenaline from the day starts to wear off she notices her breathing is still a little heavy and she instinctively rubs her legs together, noticing that she’s a different kind of wet. She can’t think of when that happened, but thinking through her day started getting her excited. This was definitely something she’d have to explore, as for tonight she would have to deal with her building excitement, and hopefully do so quieter than her relief. After about an hour of exploring her thoughts and body she falls asleep and begins yet another dream…

To be Continued!

