Help from Sidon

Author: Lachary2

*000*2024-06-09 00:13

Warning: Bowel Desperation

A little story I wrote as my first attempt at writing! :3 I hope you enjoy!

The Hero of Hyrule had his share of struggles and quests. As the loyal knight of princess Zelda and savior of the kingdom, these quests would in some cases drag on for days, sometimes weeks. But these challenges would always come to an end sooner or later, and Link prayed to Hylia that this case would be the former.

It had been nearing five days now that Link's bowels had been continuously refusing to empty themselves under his command. His house cooked masterpieces he’d made himself on the long trail were nothing but delicious, however they needed somewhere to go. Along Link’s journey he has repeatedly tried to find such a place. A decisive urge to poo would suddenly overtake him at inopportune moments, such as a battle, or the middle of a climb. But as soon as the dust had settled, or the peak had been reached, he would simply squat, (no need to remove any articles of clothing, since he had no undergarments to inhibit his release) and push. But as quickly as the urge came to him, it would fade just as fast before he had his chance.

It was now that Link stared at a letter delivered to by his comrade in arms, and best friend, prince Sidon, inviting him to the Zora’s Domain to catch up on his quests and journeys.

“A break would be nice.” Link thought to himself as another cramp struck his overstuffed midriff. He held the almost visibly bloated tummy in his right hand. He wasn’t in any pain, just stuffed. Just desperate to finally find some relief. Skipping this meetup with Sidon was out of the question, however. He refused to let his friend down. Link packed the letter away in his inventory and whistled for his horse, the clopping of hooves heard in the distance slowly gaining volume. As his noble steed caught up to him, he approached to mount it. He felt the compacted waste in him squish with the lifting of his legs, forcing an audible grrrrrgl from it. Link groaned at the sensation before feeling the effects. A pressure building up and slowly moving its way down.

Link wanted to relieve that pressure, so he pushed, hoping for something solid.

PFFFFFFFFrrrrrrttt It went on for a whole four seconds, loud and airy, link panted in relief for a moment or two, before grunting in the frustration of being denied a relief of more substance. He hoisted the rest of his body onto his ride and began to navigate his way to the Zora’s Domain, the destined meeting spot. Hoping that once he got there, he might be able to find some sort of solid release.

GwwooOORP link groaned as he again felt another wave bubble inside of him. Keeping his right hand on the reins, he leaned to the left and lifted his right leg, clutching his stomach with his left. He pushed once more.

Pfft pffFFFRT

“Mmm.. ahhhh-”

BrrrAAP

“Aaaagh”

A temporary distraction from the main event, which he continued for the many hours of his journey. Upon arriving safely at the gates of the Zora’s home, Link carefully stepped off of his horse and greeted Sidon, who, without knowing of Link’s current predicament, picked him up off the ground and squeezed him whole into a tight hug.

A long and embarrassing BFFFFfffffffrrrt was forced out of his airborne behind along with an involuntary groan of relief. Prince Sidon quickly lowered the heavy hero back to the ground with a blush on his face.

“O- Oh Link! I’m terribly sorry I didn’t realize-” The rounded shape of Link’s belly caught Sidon’s eye for a second, but he chose not to comment, he understood Link’s condition, and he knew just what to do.

“I’ll tell you what, I know just the place we can go chat and reminisce about our adventures together. So, whaddya say?”

Link nodded, still red in the face from his unintentional voiding a moment ago, and followed his friend along the path through the city. Link’s stomach built up more fumes along their hike, practically begging him to just lean one direction and let go. But he couldn’t. Not with Sidon right there. The two eventually arrived at an entrance to a cave, a cool blue glow emanating from inside.

“In here in here! Let me show you something!” The sound of running water from inside of the cavern quickly reminded Link of another pressing need that he had neglected since the beginning of his ride. He stepped into an open area that looked something like a giant pool, illuminated by blue glowing crystals with a waterfall at the top coming down, and another waterfall on the other side of the pool draining water out. A thought crossed Link’s mind for a second that anything he did in this water, anything he released into this water, would simply float away somewhere else. But he quickly shoved that thought out of his mind. Or tried to. He realized the sound of the waterfall almost completely muffled any sound he might make as well, and upon realizing this, he joyously spread his legs a bit, still trying to look inconspicuous to his friend, and began to push once more.

“A- Ahhhh” Link damn near moaned in relief, the pressure built up in his stomach over days slowly releasing itself out of his back end. He looked in front of him but the large shark was nowhere to be seen.

“Link, my friend.” He heard from behind him. Before he could turn around, Sidon’s arms were wrapped around him, his two hands laid firmly on Link’s stomach. Sidon began to rub in two circles, eliciting another groan from the weary hero.

“M- mmmgh” another grrrrgl came from his packed bowels, and Sidon could feel it this time. Link began to pant, before realizing what Sidon was trying to do.

“It’s alright, I know what you’re going through. These waters are filled with healing magic that I hoped would help to alleviate your ailment.”

Pfff brrrt. Sidon began to press his thumbs deeper into Link’s stomach, forcing more air out of the back, and a slow, throaty groan of pleasure from the front. It was hypnotizing, and along with the soft falling of fresh water from above. His mind and body refused to hold back any longer. A light hiss began to be audible from Link’s front side along with the trickling sound of a stream of water hitting more water.

“Ah- Mm- Ahhhhhhh” Link smiled for the first time since his arrival. The water began to rush faster, and faster. The splashing of the forceful stream from Link’s slowly emptying bladder echoed off of the cave walls almost as loud as his moans of relief. This went on for almost an entire minute as Sidon helped Link’s shy bladder by rubbing it in circles to help ease his aching muscles. Brrrmpt. But Link wasn’t done. Sidon was right, this water did indeed have healing properties like he’d never seen before, and they had begun to slowly heal his constipation from the moment he submerged himself.

“Mmmgh” Link felt Sidon use his right hand to slightly lift Link’s right leg as he used his left hand to carefully press into, and massage Link’s aching bowels.

PFFFFRrrt brrrAAP Link panted continuously as he continued to void himself of the long pent up gas that had accumulated over the course of this week's journey. This continued until the inevitable. Link felt something hard hit his exit, and clog him up.

“Mm- Ohhh” Link groaned in anticipation. It was coming now. Five whole days worth of poop that he’d been forced to hold back was finally ready to be released into the waters. Sidon could feel it happening, and he held Link a bit further away, but tighter. Link finally felt safe and secure enough to have a bowel movement. There was a mountain building inside of him. And it wanted out now.

Crrrrkl Link began to push the crowning log out, slowly bit by bit. It was tough, and about the diameter of a water bottle. He groaned in relief as Sidon helped. Rubbing Link's tummy around and around. Soothing him as he relieved himself.

“That’s it. Let it alllll out”

The words fired Link’s bowels into overdrive, and he grunted as he continued working on pushing out the first log, it crackled out of him inch by inch over the water as Link groaned from the feeling of being spread open. The bottom half of it, about 7 inches long, finally broke off with a SPLASH. Link continued to push still, until the other part of it, about 8 more inches joined the first in the water, and they both floated away towards the drain.

“See?” Sidon commented. “You have nothing to worry about, it’s all flush away.” Sidon pushed in on Link’s stomach again,

Pfffffrrt

“Mm- aaaagh-”

BRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTT

“Ohhhhh~”

Link was in heaven. Finally being free of the gas and waste that weighed him down the entire week. But there was more. Another turtlehead interrupted his gas.

“Push for me Link.”

And he did. He began to push out the second behemoth, crackling into the water like the rest of them, aided by Prince Sidon’s gentle, but firm bowel massage. He couldn’t have done this without him.

Grrrrgglll

Crrrckllll

And one more

PffffRRRT “Ahhhh-”

Would accent the end of each log. It took a while, but eventually, Link was empty, and it felt wonderful. He was even light enough to float on his back again in the water, panting to recover his stamina.

“I’m glad I could help!” Sidon remarked. Link thought to himself as he floated there. Maybe he was the hero, but that didn’t mean he had to face every struggle alone.

The end.

