Through the Storm - Page 6

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*129*2018-01-18 14:46

So it's been a while sense I started posting and it has gotten way bigger than I ever expected. I wanted to thank everyone who's been sticking with this up to this point and just kinda check in. How are you liking the story so far? Thoughts, opinions, feedback, favorite characters, ships?

*131*2018-01-18 21:54

“It was dawn on a misty November morning. A few solitary bursts of artillery fire weren’t unusual, typically it was one or both sides zeroing in the pan and elevation of their guns for a new target. Then the mists turned red and the screaming started. The winds carried the plague towards the rebel lines in circling the city walls. Within hours the casualties civilian and military number in the thousands. General Durman the dwarvish commander in charge of the frontline operations seals his command bunker. The doors are reinforced plate steel and lined with rubber gaskets while an elaborate purification spell keeps the air breathable. It won’t be enough. Within sixteen hours the bacteria have literally eaten the seals. It takes an additional hour for the screaming to stop.”

*132*2018-01-19 04:48

So I edited an earlier paragraph for narrative cohesion and am reposting earlier plus new material

“Woah Woah hold on! Back the hell up! Nyarlathotep?!!! That’s fucking Lovecraft shit!!! Are you telling me that’s real?!!!”

“Yes Bri, unfortunately it is.”

“But how?”

“Most scholars of the multiverse believe that everything is ultimately energy/information. People, objects, even entire universes have a pattern that repeats and ‘echoes’ for lack of a better term. Most often resulting in minor variations rather than exact copies. Everything that was, is or, will be; it exists in a swirling entropic maelstrom endlessly being created and destroyed. All of space all of time is it.”

“So, it’s like what a mash up the Hindu world soul and Plato’s forms?”

“That relatively close all though nobody understands it’s completely, I don’t think that even the ‘gods’ do.” Gwen is smiling with a distinctly maternal looking pride at Bri’s quick response. “H.P. was a flaming racist asshole but he was also most likely a sensitive as well, able to tap into what one could call the collective unconscious, gestalt mind, or world of forms. That is the underlying dimensions closest to the chaotic heart of the multiverse.”

“Wait does that mean gods plural in general exist?”

“I don’t know if there’re actually gods or just sufficiently powerful aliens; I guess you could call me a naytheist. But yes”

“Shit, wow that’s a lot.”

Bri looks unsteady almost grey. “You Okay sweetheart?”

“Yeah I just got pimp smacked upside the head with a big o’ll stick of cosmic understanding. I just need a minute and…” Gwen shotguns the last of her stout slamming the glass down “Probably something stronger…” Gwen looks concerned but nods at Renny who looks over at her before speaking “I’ll get the 182”

“182?”

“Our battalions custom reserve.” Renny plonks down a bottle of something clear in front of Bri. Its label is a simply a unit badge with 182 above it in big bold gold letters. Renny pours a shot. Which Bri knocks back in five seconds before slamming the glass down. The firing burn scorches her throat. “Dam that’s like best vodka on top of best breakfast!”

“I’m good now, thanks Renny!” Renny simply beams. The ritual more than anything seems to have steadied Bri. “So are there others?”

“Countless, all brilliant, mostly creative types. L. Frank Baum was thought to have had visions of the Fey Lands. Some believe that Lewis Carol actually recorded the visions of a girl with similar abilities.” 

“Okay so mind still being blown.”

“Ready to get back to the history lesson?”

“Yeah although I’m not sure necromancers providing Louie the 14th meets Dr. No with a bioweapon is any less of a mind fuck.” Everyone at the table can’t help laughing at this latest bit of snark.

“It was dawn on a misty November morning. A few solitary bursts of artillery fire weren’t unusual, typically it was one or both sides zeroing in the pan and elevation of their guns for a new target. Then the mists turned red and the screaming started. The winds carried the plague towards the rebel lines in circling the city walls. Within hours the casualties civilian and military number in the thousands. General Durman the dwarvish commander in charge of the frontline operations seals his command bunker. The doors are reinforced plate steel and lined with rubber gaskets while an elaborate purification spell keeps the air breathable. It won’t be enough. Within sixteen hours the bacteria have literally eaten the seals. It takes an additional hour for the screaming to stop.”

“There surviving rebel forces launch a final desperate push breaching the walls in a barrage of artillery fire. They were largely unopposed as the remaining defenders had fled for their lives trying to escape the plauge. As they got into the city proper slowed however do to rubble and scattered pockets of resistance, fighting more to escape the executioners noose then out of any true conviction.”

“It seemed like nothing could stop the spread of the plague in time. The conflict had just taken on a much larger dimension. But just when things seemed to have spiraled completely out of control, a peel like thunder split the air. An all-out cacophony that can be heard for hundreds of miles. It sounds like mountains crashing to the ground. A thousand voices singing in ten million languages accompanied by the ringing of countless bells. Massive booming grey thunder heads rolled in from nowhere flashing with lighting. Dogs howled and animals across the country went berserk. Mages, priests, and sensitives on Solanus and even planets dozens of light years away were struck down in fits by visions and ecstatic hallucinations. The instruments of off worlders began to detect a massive energy build up. 

Then the ground began to shake, and a massive denotation rocked the city shattering windows and knocking tiles off roofs. The clouds began to glow with golden light as the Archangel Zeraiel general in The Armies of Light appeared above the city in full glory. Witness accounts vary to its appearance but in general it is agreed that Zeraiel was roughly comparable in size to the Sear’s Tower. Some described it in terms of a massive humanoid figure with millions of ordinary sized faces making up its head. Others saw a gryphon with an antelope’s body and a human face. Most who saw it directly only reported a blinding light before collapsing into a seizure. Seven thousand lesser celestial beings attended it singing in voices of haunting painful beauty. The fighting stopped as people across the city ran for cover or threw themselves prostrate.”

“One person described the experience of hearing it as.”

“I could see, no I was the whole universe. I could see it all, the whole universe, from beginning to end. Including my own life not just once but in countless variations, past present and future. I knew everything I had done or would do good and bad. I was balling because I was more sad, happy, angry, scared and just everything than I had been in my entire life. I simultaneously felt more alive and close to death than I ever had or ever would again.”

“Then a loud voice cried out”

“IT IS, WAS, AND SHALL BE DONE AS IS MY COMMAND, AS I HAVE BEEN COMANDED!!!!!!!!!”

“Everything went silent except for a tinnitus like ringing not an actual sound but an after effect of the sudden absence of sound as a wave of blinding white light rushed out ward from the city in all directions, to encompass the globe. Ships in orbit sent out panicked distress calls as their sensor arrays overloaded from the radiation surge, thinking some crazy bastard had set off multiple antimatter warheads on an inhabited planet. Finally all was still and silent…..”

*134*2018-01-20 18:08

“All of this really happened? It’s like something out of a freaking movie?”

“I found it hard to believe myself at first but it’s a matter of historical record. You can even find crude early photographs of Zariel’s appearance. Most are overexposed or simply to lowres and blurry but in a few you can clearly see…. something.”

“So, what happened next?”

“Somehow the blast had wiped out all trace of the plague including documents and lab samples from existence. Zariel descends in humanoid form. Photographs taken at the time seem to show a seven-foot-tall androgynous being with skin like living marble and twelve wings sprouting from it’s back riding a golden chariot pulled by seven beings with gryphon bodies and human faces. It was wreathed in golden light and forty-nine flaming swords swarmed the air around it. Descending to the palace the remaining guards ran screaming except for the ensorcelled twenty. With a wave of its hand Zariel shatters the enchantments holding them. They collapse in shock screaming and clawing at themselves as they remember all the horrors they were forced to inflict while under mind control. Zariel touches each of them on the forehead.”

“Be at peace child, what was done by and to you is not your fault. You are loved, you are forgiven.”

“The formally ensorcelled guards go still as a deep dreamless sleep overtakes them.”

“As for you…”

“It turns to Leopold”

“Judgment has come…..”

“From what we can piece together King Leopold was made to experience every single act of suffering he had inflicted on someone else, although no one knows what really happened. Just that the screams could allegedly be heard miles away.”

“Thus ended King Leopold X’s reign…..”

“Two million lives lost, a country shattered. It would take the next century to rebuild but Zeramar would rise once again as the phoenix.”

*136*2018-01-27 16:55

Ch.6

Gwen then goes on to explain the formation of the current government. With Zarial leading negotiations a constitutional convention is called. The document is carefully crafted to avoid a second civil war between the monarchist and antimornarchist factions. It guarantees certain basic civil rights such as freedom of speech/expression, fare treatment in the criminal justice system, checks on crown authority, basically standard stuff for any democratic republic although it is a hybrid government. The monarchy will remain as the executive branch and shares control of the military with an appointed minister of defense. 

A legislature is created divided into four equal chambers. The Chamber of Lords represents the nobility. The Chamber of Merchants the industrialists. The Chamber of Guilds represents the unions. The Chamber of Citizens is a free for all in which any one can run for office with each administrative district and the territories being assigned seats based on percentage of population. A separate Judiciary is also created that along with legislature will act as a check on the crown. The monarch reigns for life but the legislature can declare a vote of no confidence and remove them if it passes with seventy-five percent or if they are convicted of treason. This known as the “Great Reconciliation.”

After a century tensions were once again running high as economic inequality remained a significant issue. Not everyone was benefiting fully from the recovery. Strikes and food riots were becoming more and more common. Many whispered fearfully about the possibility of a second civil war. King Ulfrich I, a shrewd pragmatic man that many referred to as “the chess master”, was not going to let that happen. He announced a plan for sweeping reforms that was met with massive public support.

Using this plus a network of political allies he had spent decades cultivating, he got the legislature to announce a referendum on a series of constitutional amendments. This would include the social insurance, national medical, and education system. The social insurance system guaranteed every citizen a universal basic income check as well as providing a fund for disability/sick leave, family leave, and disaster/farm insurance. Access was guaranteed to all citizens and permanent residents. The government has existed in this form basically right to present day. All though industrialization has largely killed the nobility and the Chamber of Lords is basically a rump political body.

*138*2018-01-27 18:01

{{4 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thanks. I want to get some more omo content in but I also like world building . With Bri being new to this world it just seemed to make sense that someone who is both a teacher and her new mom would want to give her a crash course over dinner on at least the basic history of the local area so she knows whats going. I hope this isn't feeling like a forced info dump.

*140*2018-01-27 23:56

Bri asks a few more questions before the conversation shifts to general geography and then pop culture. Which is basically a mish mash of different things from thousands of worlds. With Terran, Zeramarian, and several other local nations, plus a few major other species dominating. The world is generally more socially progressive than ours. The technology is all over the place running the gamut from Star Trek to Amish. Magic blurs the lines even further. Overall, it’s probably comparable to earth in the early 20th century.

Local video broadcast is in its infancy, with radio and landline being consider state of the art by local standards. But Amdar Technologies has set up a comnetwork with full multiversal capability providing internet access to any one willing to pay. Although Zeramar has a contract for all government facilities and citizens/permanent residents can get free access at universities, schools, libraries, and rec centers. The family has satellite access to the network. By the time the conversation winds down three hours later dinner has been finished for a while and an exhausted Bri heads for bead early. Drifting off to a deep dreamless sleep.

Waking up the next morning Bri walks into the bathroom only to see a naked Callie having her morning pee. Bri and Callie both notice her starring “What?”

“Oh sorry! Still getting used to this!” Callie laughs “It’s only a vagina little sis! Do you have one?”

“Yes?”

“So, it shouldn’t be that surprising. Tell you what, we never got to do all the wild sibling shit as kids, so I’ll show you mine if you show me yours?” Bri laughs as she pulls the night gown over her head leaving her in just her knee highs. She squats down facing Callie as both girls spread their lips and release their pee. Bri notes that Callie like her, no their, mom has much thicker lips and a bigger clit than her. What really catches her attention is the neatly trimmed patch of bubble gum pink pubic hair. “Wow when you dye your hair you really go all out!”

“It’s not dye, I can naturally alter my hair color.”

“Wow that’s really cool Callie!”

“Thanks Bri.” The awkwardness now gone the girls finish getting ready as they make conversation.

Given that it’s now almost ten o’clock Renny has made frittatas and fresh fruit for brunch. Gwen “Bri now that your part of this family we need to discuss the practical details of what that involves.” Renny “In Gnomish culture we have a phrase that roughly translates as “all as one”. Meaning that both in society we are both individuals and pieces of a larger by working together we develop are own innate talents and move toward a complete self.

Both in society and the family everyone plays a role based on their innate talents and interests.” Gwen “For example I work at the university and together with Renny run an artificing and repair shop. We work on everything from magic wands, to tractors, to iPods. That combined with Renny’s military pension provides material support for this family. Callie does the books and generally handles the family’s finances and helps Renny with the cooking. Liam cleans and does general house work as well providing twenty percent of his UBI and payout from crowdfunding/ads to the family’s general fund.”

“So, you want me to do some chores to help out? Okay that’s totally reasonable. I know that this isn’t a relationship based on owing people, but you guys have been great to me. I’m an adult now and I want to help out.” ….. “How is it that our youngest daughter is so mature? She sure doesn’t get it from me!” Bri blushes at Renny’s good natured teasing. “What do you want me to do?” Gwen “Well what would like and what do you think you would be good at?”

“I’ve always gotten good grades but I also like working with my hands, could I help out in the shop and with maintenance around the house?”

“That would be excellent, we’ve been wanting to hire extra help so that we have more time for research and ourselves. Do you want to go to university?”

“Yes! Can I?”

“Of course dear. Once we formally adopt you you’ll have your citizens card and can start taking courses in either summer or fall term right here. Or if you want you can go to any national campus in Zeramar. You’ll have to pass the entrance exam of course and take the subject placement tests but that shouldn’t be a problem for a bright girl like you.”

“I think I want to stay here until I get my bearings.”

“And were happy to have you.” Gwen is smiling from ear to ear. “So, we’ll start you next week at sixteen hours that plus your UBI check should put you at about the equivalent of $58k annual in US dollars.”

“Holy crap flinging monkeys! That much!” Renny chimes in “Your family and the artificing business is good money because people that can do both spell work and have a STEM background are a vanishingly small group.”

“Our family and our clan always treat our workers well and like I said you’re blood now on top of that.”

“Thank you so much!” Bri spends the rest of brunch in amazed silence “I can’t believe how much had changed. A week ago, I was miserable and wondering what the hell I was doing with my life. Now I have this amazing chosen family, a cool part time job working with magic and scifi gadgets that pays great, and I’m going to start college soon. This is so freaking awesome!”

*142*2018-01-28 04:39

After brunch Renny stands up. “Okay Bri ready for the grand tour?”

“Yeah I’m excited to see the rest of this place.”

“Well you’ve already seen the living room feel free to use any the entertainment devices there. You’re already intimately familiar with our spa facilities. Gwen said you completed potty training in record time. Congratulations, Callie didn’t get that down till she was four, took us an entire year!”

“Mommmmm!” Both Bri and Callie blush breaking into embarrassed laughter. “This room itself is pretty self-explanatory so let’s move onto the kitchen. The door on the right is the pantry and this…” she pulls open a large steel door on a track “Is the freezer!”

“You guys have a walk-in freezer!?”

“Yep everyone in the family tends to rotate through each other’s houses sometimes we get members of other families in the clan staying over as well. It’s rare but there can sometimes be twenty to thirty people staying here with all the guest rooms filled and people camping in the living room or even on the lawn.”

“Dammm!” Liam pipes in “You’ve probably got somewhere around two hundred to three hundred piblings, cousins, and grandfolks now! Don’t even get me started on in-laws!” Bri is doing her best fish impression. “Wow, suddenly the whole commercial kitchen thing makes a lot more sense.”

“And you’re welcome to anything in it not specifically claimed with a post it note. Although because of the aforementioned hoard of relations we all have minifridges in our rooms where we usually keep our special snacks and drinks, we’ll have to get you one next time we head into Brindmagarten proper.”

“So, do you all do the whole family circuit?”

“Sometimes, don’t worry though we wolln’t through you into the deep end on that. I’ll introduce you to my parents and some immediate family before everyone piles into town for “Springs Final”, what was often called Beltane or Mayday on earth.” Bri’s face and shoulders noticeably relaxes with relief.

*144*2018-01-28 13:55

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent segment

}}

Glad you liked it. What are your thoughts on the emerging family dynamic?

*146*2018-01-28 17:14

Going through a door on the left they enter a hallway with three doors. To the left is a set of steel doors. “That also leads to the bathroom.” Going through a door on the right Bri finds her self looking at a huge room with the roughly twenty-foot walls completely covered in book shelves broken at regular intervals by a fireplace/sitting area in each wall. 

In the center is a large brass and glass tube sitting under a skylight. It is ringed by a circular wooden desk with twelve computer work stations. Bri can see that it contains hundreds of small crystals flying in erratic orbits around a single large one. Sparks periodically leap between them. Tucked in the upper right corner is a crescent of desks forming a separate work area “This the libray/office, where we nominally run the business from but really it’s all Callie.”

“This is incredible!”

“What that’s thing in the center?”

“It’s basically the house server. It controls the house intranet, wards, helper functions, and whole lot of other things.”

“Wow, how does it work?”

“Crystals act as both data storage and logic gates we think it’s using qbits but honestly nobody fully understands how it works.” Bri spends a couple minutes excitedly exploring the contents of the shelves before they move on.

Heading through the final set of doors Bri finds her self in a bedroom tastefully decorated in light woods. The bed spread is done in green and the walls are a pleasant soothing mint shade. The bed is easily king sized. There is a large walk in closet with a vanity setup. “This our room but your always welcome here, sometimes we’ll lock the door if we want privacy but in general it’s an open-door policy if you want to talk, borrow something, or just cut through to the kitchen quickly.”

*147*2018-01-28 17:17

I'm trying to make the house fantastical and wondrous, but realistically a family of four wouldn't need a place anywhere near this big. And I can't see Gwen and Renny being the "McMansion" types. So I figured since I established the Gnomes as being big on community and family, having room for hoards of relatives made for a good explanation.

*148*2018-01-28 17:50

Exiting the room, they are now in the hallway of bedrooms. “Okay just as I thought one big circle.”

“Yep” Callie opens the door on the immediate right “This my room” It can only be described as in your face simultaneously fem, goth, and geek. The walls are convered in either rich pink satin, meme, band or science posters. The fireplace, bed and desk are all a dark mahogany like wood. The L-shaped desk is a disaster area of electronics, books, and cosmetics. “I think we’re roughly the same size so feel free borrow anything from the closet that catches your fancy.”

“Thanks Callie”

“No probs it’s what sisters do. Want to see the coolest part?” she says grinning “Sure!” Callie keys something into her phone and suddenly the ceiling turns into the night sky in full to true life 3d, Bri can even feel a chill breeze and smell wood smoke. She turns a circle eyes wide. “How can one house have this much cool shit!”

“It’s awesome right? Moms put it in for my tenth birthday when I really started getting into astronomy. It can play both live and recorded.”

“Well I got to check my email for info about summer classes. You ready to continue the tour?”

“Mind if stay and look at this some more?”

“No problem sis.” Callie and Bri lay back on the bed as Callie spend twenty minutes pointing out the different constellations, before the tour resumes.

*150*2018-01-28 19:42

“My rooms over here, same general policy” Liam says as he opens a door further down the hallway. “You painted all this?” The walls are covered in abstract art depicting a mix of family history and pop culture. The “bed” is a sunken pit filled with a mattress, blankets, and pillows. A desk with an all in one touch screen computer and several other electronic and art supplies sits next to the closet door. The fire place is built into the wall with a tile mural above it. Next to the desk is a drafting printer. Several works in progress sit on stands. “You like?”

“Hell yes! My new brother is super talented!”

“Thanks” It’s now Liam’s turn to flush with embarrassment. “I’m going to get back to work Renny will finish the tour.”

“Okay, but you got tell me how you did this.”

“Deal”

“So what next?”

“Well were going to get you some new clothes.”

“In town?”

“Nope right here.” Bri’s brow is furrowed and her eyes scrunched up in confusion. Walking through the steel swinging doors from early she finds herself in some kind of workshop or utility room. The walls are white painted concrete and lined with various work benches and machines. The commercial washers and dryers are easily recognizable. A set of brass plated doors probably lead to the bathroom? spa? health center? To the left is freight elevator and a weird compact spiraling ramp. “So where are the clothes?” Renny has a ‘I’ve got a secret’ grin on her face. “Were going to make them, see that machine there.”

“Yeah?” She points to something that looks like a cross between a 3D printer and vending machine “That’s a Tydon industries 4600 series organic matter processor. It takes organic waste and turns it into any number of different Textiles, paper products/wood substitutes, and plastics.”

“And that…” she says pointing to a hulking assemblage of steampunk looking wood and brass. “Is one of our custom built thaumaturgical autolooms. We’ve set it up so that they communicate so that the entire process, design and manufacture, is seamless and only takes three steps. Ready to give it a try?”

“Yes please!” Renny chuckles as she places an electrode cap over Bri’s head. “You can either browse the catalog or if you have something specific in mind just concentrate on that.” Bri does so and the machines sprin to life with a chorus whirring noises followed by a loud beep. “Now we have the cloth” as she pulls several bolts from the recycler. “And all we have to do is load into the loom and you’ll have your first outfit.” In less than a minute a pair of bikini panties and a matching bralette drop into the bin below the machine.

They are bright yellow with little cherries. “Ooh these look so cute!” Renny says as she picks them up “I so want to see you wearing them.” Bri was never a particularly modest person and after the last few days… She casually hauls her night shirt up and off, before pulling her socks off. Flinching slightly as her bare feet meet the cold concrete floor. 

Pulling on her new underthings she can’t believe how amazing they feel. “Holy shit this has to be the best fitting bra I’ve ever worn! And the material! It feels so freaking good against my bits!” A pair of midthigh length shortalls and an alien meme t-shirt drop into the bin along with a pair of white knee highs. “That’s synthcotton #127 it’s light weight, incredibly soft, and is self-cleaning/repairing. All of which means your bits are going to feel amazingly cool and dry.” Switching to a stage whisper “Trust me, I know. I can get downright swampy in the summer and Liam, that poor boy….” Both girls bust out laughing before Bri can finish getting dressed. “You look great Bri” Bri makes finger guns….. In less than fifteen minutes Bri has a complete set of spring/summer clothes, including swim and athletic wear.

*152*2018-01-29 00:04

“Ready to see the basement?”

“Yeah I’m definitely curious about that.” Riding down the elevator Bri and Renny find themselves facing a large heavily reinforced steel door. “That’s the main utility control room with power, water, sewage and HVAC all being handled from there. We’ll cover that next week when you start your first day of work. Up here is the medbay” Renny leads Bri through a set of sliding acrylic doors into a room that is tiled in white and is filled with space age medical devices. “We have everything you could need for most medical situations, including an autodoc diagnostic/surgical system” she points at an exam bed that has several robotic arms suspend from it and a state of the art med scanner.” Indicating the large tube embedded in the wall. Callie and Liam were born here. My Aunt Nadi is an OB and did both deliveries.”

“Woah that’s really… profound?”

“Yeah, Actually the smell of the antiseptic here and seeing this place actually makes me get a little misty eyed. We made them upstairs in that bed me and Gwen. Then right here we saw them for the first time, watched them take their first breath….” Renny is smiling but her eyes are watery. “Woah…. That’s beautiful”

“Thank you sweetie, and now I’m here with my newest daughter” She says as she pulls Bri into a crushing hug.

