The drill's one bathroom

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-05-27 06:09

Ty Lee and Azula are both bursting outside of a bathroom being hogged by Mai. Like with most of my stories there's a healthy does of lesbianism. All characters are aged up.

###

Ty Lee's bladder was on the verge of exploding. Hardly any surprise there, she had to go about every 3 hours, and had just been forced to hold it for 9! She did a very acrobatic form of the universal potty dance in front of the only bathroom on the entire drill that she was allowed to use.

"Mai, hurry up!" Ty Lee begged the goth girl currently occupying the bathroom. "I'm actually about to piss myself!"

"I'm sorry, but I'm going to be a while." Mai apologized.

"What is the meaning of all this?" An unusually shaky Azula arrived on the scene.

"Mai's taking forever in the bathroom!" Ty Lee complained.

"Ah, I see." Azula slightly stuttered. She had not relieved herself for 26 hours and she was feeling the effects in full force.

"You didn't make fun of me?" Ty Lee asked, confused.

"Uh... You're need to u-urinate is pathetic and you have no dignity." Azula began lightly hopping from foot to foot. Ty Lee smiled mischievously.

"So I suppose needing to pee is beneath you then? Prove it, walk away."

"What?"

"Walk away from the bathroom. If you don't need to pee this should be easy." Ty Lee was distracted as a spurt of hot liquid pushed it's way through her panties and ran down her legs.

"P-please don't pee now!" Azula doubled over from just the sight.

"Not like I want to!" Ty Lee continued to grasp at her crotch. Her bladder forced out another spurt. She knew she was done for. With her last bit of energy, she ran around the corner.

Azula, knowing her time was up, quickly followed. Her bladder dribbled a trail all the way to Ty Lee's hidden area, and gave up. A torrent of piss completely saturated her panties, running down her legs, even shooting straight through her underwear. It all pooled into a massive puddle beneath her and Ty Lee's feet.

Azula looked up at Ty Lee. Agni, she was gorgeous. The girl had given Azula plenty of chances to see her desperate, but never had she actually pissed herself before. Azula was wet with multiple liquids now.

"Like what you see, princess?" Ty Lee posed seductively.

"No! I-I mean not in a bad way, you're very p-pretty I just-"

"Shh, silly! It's pretty obvious that you like me, you don't have to hide it!" Ty Lee poked Azula's nose, causing her face to go beat red. "Now I'm going to my bedroom to... 'change' you want to come with?"

"Y-yeah!" Azula smiled. She was a mess around Ty Lee.

Mai smiled. It had all gone according to plan.

