Date Night

Author: Lapis Lazuli

*000*2019-12-13 04:51

It was a warm Saturday night. Kylie and their partner, Emilia, have been hanging out together at a bar, a nice little lesbian bar closer to the middle of town. Tonight was date night, and though going out in fancy outfits to a snooty restaurant is always nice, sometimes it's b versa, etter to keep things casual, just lounge around, get a little buzzed, and appreciate your girlfriend's beauty. O, the simpler things in life.

It's currently 8:19, though, and Kylie's gotta get home before it gets too dark. They were always a bit more responsible than Emilia, who they had to keep from getting more than, like, four drinks. She's skinny, short, and can hardly hold her liquor, a stark contrast to Kylie's warm yet burly, classy butch aesthetic, They came to the bar in a nice set of dress pants and a semiformal white blouse,, while Kylie dressed to be sexy, with a bodycon black and red high-waisted skirt over a rose bodysuit. Cute,

"hey, Em, we gotta head out now. it's dark, and we gotta walk..." Emilia whines and pushes he rself up, her legs trembling a tiny bit... exactly as planned. The fun wouldn't end after they left the bar, you see... they had a secret. A secret they would never spill, encoded by their jewelry...

You see, Emilia, craftly like she is, thought of a system to communicate with Kylie, and vice versa, over this obsession. They would each wear color-coded jewelry, Emilia a pair of earrings, and Kylie a bracelet. Red meant not to interact with the obsession, and white communicated ambivalence, but yellow was the most fun... When either Kylie or Emilia wore yellow jewelry, it was a clear sign to the other:

- please fill my bladder, make me struggle to contain it all, make my warm piss press against me with its weight, fighting to escape...

And today, both Kylie and Emilia wore their nectar-colored blissful jewels. Tonight would be fun.

Kylie, with Emilia in tow, begins to make their way out as Emilia protests. "But kylie... i need to piss" she softly coos, prompting a chuckle from Kylie. "I'm sorry, honey... but I know" they seductively whisper, making Emilia's heart stop with arousal. Before the date, Kylie ensured that neither of them would visit a toilet with their little games, and it's worked wonders for both of them

The pair begins to walk down the sidewalk, through the nightly city. Emilia's large bladder throbs,causing a fun little roundness to appear over her lower belly. Kylie always though that tummy- bladder bulge combo was so cute... Kylie's own bladder pulses, pushing against her crotch, making her force tightness in. They didn't know if they would make it to a toilet, but... who cares? As far as Emilia's concerned, her bodysuit is a sexy toilet she can't remove, but the pressure is so satisfying she could never let loose now, her pee exerting a beautiful force, stimulating her vulva.

Emilia leans over, raising her lip to Kylie's ear as she whispers: "i've been holding so much my blad pantsder is the size of a cantaloupe..." she says, patting her bulge, as she gives a kiss under Kylie's ear., making their heart skip a beat. In response, Kylie smiles and replies, whispering "you're not gonna pee... i won't let you." Kylie quickly checks for eavesdroppers before grabbing at their crotch, physically holding, stroking themself in the process... They shudder. Emilia whispers again... "i don't want to make it... it's so blissful i'll spill."

"how would you like it if you spilled now..?" Kylie gives Emilia a poke on the bladder. "i would die cause it would be so sexy, kylie, to piss myself all over you..."

After thirty blissfully torturous minutes, the pair arrive at their apartment... but not before Kylie intentionally fuddles the keys just to mess with Emilia. Once inside, they no longer have to hide anything, as Kylie seductively pins Emilia to the wall, their hands on her hips, lowering her skirt. "hey em, time's up for your bladder... " she says, planting seductive kisses. "i'll make you piss that bodysuit, it's gonna feel heavenly..." they coo. "i know... she replies, smirking, before speaking a reply Kylie would never forget: "and so are you."

Kylie, confused, looks around the room... before they realize. Emilia, crafty like she is, was able to padlock the bathroom door. "and i'm not telling you where the key is until your big sexy ass is soaking wet." Emilia whispers, causing a chuckle from Kylie. "I wouldn't have it any other way" they say, asthey reach a hand down to Emilia's lips and stroke them, and jostle them, and they stick a finger under the bodysuit and fuck Emilia, their own bladder throbbing, until eventually, Emilia gasps, and her warm piss spills forth, pooling over the floor, launching out in large spurts running down Kylie's leg, for a full minute and a half, before things slow.

And then, Kylie, their bladder about to burst, already leaking from arousal, pushes Emilia down onto a chair as she's still pissing, and just then Emilia's vision focuses on a large spurt of piss escaping from Kylie's own bladder into their pants, mostly puncturing through their crotch, streams running down their thighs, Kylie having absolutely shattered... and no more than half a second later, they shove their pelvis forward into Emilia, spilling piss all over the chair and onto Emilia, and they straddle as Kylie shoves their finger further up into Emilia, until she gasps and has an intense orgasm, all energy draining from her body...

And Kylie isn't done peeing yet, warm piss continuing to flow... They eventually stand up, panting. "so... they say, swerving around to show off their plentiful ass in their pissy dress pants. "i hope my big sexy ass looks juicy when soaking wet..."

###

Thanks for reading! now i wrote this while desperate and i gotta pee idk what else i was gonna put here

