Marvel Rivals one shot

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-12-15 07:13

Hi y'all! Still got the writers block but I thought "you know what, I have a dumb idea." And because typically following through with dumb ideas is fun and reinvigorates me, I thought why not. Now, without further ado, a marvel rivals omo fanfic. (Peni's character is mostly based on the spiderverse variant, but I tried to make it a little more serious.)

###

Peni landed in the familiar world 2099, looking out in awe as the futuristic Tokyo cityscape spanned outward before her. She was sure it looked much better from outside of SP//DR, but that would have to wait for the time being.

She looked at her team... It was not very good. It consisted of 5 spider people -including herself- and Venom. The only difference between the spiders looked to be their clothing, but she felt a bond with the symbiont slinking around their base. Their task was to escort a spider mech all the way from the center of Tokyo to the rift in the sky. She wasn't very sure why, but it wasn't best to question Galacta.

She instinctively brought SP//DR's arm down to its crotch as she felt a small pang in her bladder. She silently cursed Galacta for throwing her into all of this so fast. Peni had always had a small bladder, and she had just recently removed the waste disposal system in SP//DR.

"Sorry Spider," She whispered to the robot. The robot made a curious noise as the little face popped up on her HUD. "I might have to clean you out after this mission." SP//DR, having understood the implications, gave her a small sad face before the base doors opened and she was thrown into battle.

Her filling bladder made it hard to concentrate on battle. On the one hand, her suit met almost all of her physical needs so she could focus. On the other hand, that meant a lot of water, which flowed through her faster than one of her other spider-friends could swing. She silently cursed her father for designing such incredible and well thought out machinery, and then cursed herself immediately afterwards for daring to think Ill of him. She thanked him for not making SP//DR's legs be controlled by her own legs, as she was far too shaky to run.

Her enemies secured the spider mech, forcing it back on the path. It slowly grinded back as the Hulk pushed it towards them. Peni knew what she had to do. She shot a few webs into the area, flipping up the glass and pressing a glowing red button on her control panel. Instantly, SP//DR got into a running position as 4 stabilizing claws shot out of its back. She rushed into enemy lines, weaving webs and taking name as her spider bombs hopped off of SP//DR and into the gaggle of opposing heroes.

She felt a rush of excitement as at least 5 of the heroes went flying in all directions. She also felt a rush of something else. Her hands shot off her control panel, letting auto take over as she pressed hard into her crotch as best she could inside a giant robot. She managed to stifle the stream, but the panties she wore under her pilot suit were soaked.

The rest of the match was smooth sailing. Thankfully, since Peni has taken out most of her opposition, she was able to let autopilot run her robot while she focused on keeping the robot dry. Before too long, the mission was finally over. She was ripped through time and space once more and thrown into her personal pocket dimension. She saw a console with buttons and a room full of personalized things for her, but she couldn't focus on those right now. She leapt out of SP//DR rather unceremoniously, but she didn't have time to worry about that as she sprinted to the bathroom. She found only a shower and a sink there.

"Ooooh! That's what I was missing!" The voice of Galacta boomed in her mind. "I completely forgot you humans need toilets! It will be about ten minutes. The shower drains are functional, though." For the second time today Peni silently cursed someone she really shouldn't be cursing. She fumbled with her pilot suit, trying desperately to strip it off despite the small trickle already forming inside it. To Peni's horror, the zipper was stuck.

"Uh! Galacta!" Peni tried the last thing she could think of. Galacta materialized in front of the shaking girl. "M-My zipper! It's stuck! I'm going to-" Peni doubled over as another wave hit her. She finally managed to quell the stream from earlier.

"H-Here, I got it!" Galacta teleported behind the girl and began fiddling with the zipper. The slippery material of the pilot suit made it perfect for getting easily in and out of SP//DR, but it was terrible for holding yourself. Peni couldn't get a good grip. Galacta clearly wasn't used to being called upon for such trivial matters. "I'm sorry, this is really stuck! I can't get it to move at all!"

"Please! Think of something!" Peni pleaded to the cosmic god before her. Galacta thought for a moment before teleporting back in front of the girl.

"Here! I've got an idea, but it will involve me seeing... you know..." Galacta explained. Peni just nodded, panting. Galacta nodded as well, pulling what of Peni she could out of the suit. Since the zipper was stuck halfway, she managed to get her upper body out of it pretty easily. Galacta tried not to look at Peni's chest, as her small breasts were on full display. They shook as she bounced from foot to foot. "Oh no..." Peni looked at Galacta, tears spilling out of her eyes. "There's nothing I can do."

"W-What!?" Peni panicked. "Aren't you supposed to be like- a god or something?" Galacta pitied the poor girl. She wished she had more time to figure something out, but it was clear that she didn't. Peni gave up. She realised in horror that with her panties being fully saturated, there was nowhere for her pee to go. Her suit was fitted so perfectly to her that all the piss she had stored could not be released.

"G-Galacta!?" Peni's breath started picking up as she began to shake even more. Galacta held her up, steadying her. "I-I can't pee! The suit- it's too tight!"

"Shit, that's bad! Do you have a fail safe for this!?" Galacta questioned. Peni silently cursed herself for not remembering.

"The bottom panel is removable, but-" Peni began. Glacta kneeled down and began fiddling with the panel on her crotch. After a couple seconds, she finally removed it. She was met with a spray of pee hitting her exposed belly as Peni began to crumble. Galacta helped Peni into the shower, holding her up as she sprayed her yellow liquid all across the shower walls and floor.

The relief felt almost orgasmic, as Peni held on to the bar for support. She sighed as her whole body shook. She felt like an arc reactor loaded with far too much fuel to the point where it was going to explode. And explode she did. After a whole 2 minutes, the steam finally stopped.

"You poor girl..." Galacta pitied her, still helping her stand. Peni quickly began to cry at the embarrassment she just caused herself. It was only her first day and she had already called upon a cosmic deity to help her piss. She quickly remembered what was going on, as she reached up and covered her chest. "What?"

"I'm naked!" Peni explained herself. Galacta nodded her head, making sure she could still stand. She dematerialized and left to go run the universe or whatever. Peni was left alone.

###

Edit: jesus christ this story was incomprehensible yesterday. I fixed it up and made the actual desperation a bit more interesting.

*002*2024-12-16 05:09

I dont post these fics on AO3, but I do post others! I try to keep my omo stuff to this site, as some of my irl friends have my AO3 account and I don't really want them to know I have this kink. Most of my AO3 stuff is longer, but not very sexual.

