Venus and the Sunburn

Author: Lythe

*000*2018-07-13 05:04

Venus loved getting the chance to go to the river with her friends. Scheduling had gotten trickier as they had gotten older, but her little group still made a point to catch up a couple times over the summer. Venus wasn't exactly an avid swimmer, but toobing was something she thoroughly enjoyed. Grabbing a couple coolers, loading up the booze, and heading down to go float for a couple hours had proven to be the absolute highlight of the American Bulldog's week.

At least until she'd gotten home.

Venus seemed to forget every year that while her friends with their dark fur may have only needed sunscreen once, she didn't have that luxury. A with hair as short as it was light, she needed to reapply more than once. Something she'd completely neglected to do as she'd guzzled down fruity alcoholic punch in an attempt to both have fun and build up a little liquid courage to talk to that hunky new stallion who'd joined them. It turned out he'd had a girlfriend so the whole idea was doomed from the start, but Venus had a great time nonetheless.

After being dropped off at home and falling asleep almost right away, she awoke several hours later to a pervasive soreness flaring across her skin. Her white fur had done nothing to protect her from the sun’s strong rays. Venus groaned as she got up, realizing this was not a typical sunburn. This was a brutal sunburn indeed. The tops of her feet sported a white line where here flip flops had sat, but the rest was a furious red going halfway up her thighs where her swimsuit skirt had lain. Her arms, chest, and back had much the same treatment.

The bulldog felt awful as she flopped herself into a cool shower. She couldn't even bring herself to stand, sitting as the spray gently caressed her back. She tilted her face back, drinking some of the water as it came down. At least she had plenty of aloe Vera, though the thought was of little comfort as she began to rub it all over her skin. The shower sound roused her bladder, which she let god of without thinking. The relief came quickly, a small respite from her general discomfort. The aloe began to soak in, thirsty skin drinking it up quickly. The intense feeling of burn started to alleviate.

Having sat in the shower for a borderline unreasonable amount of time, Venus pushed herself back to her feet. She toweled off gingerly before crawling back into bed. A mild headache told her she needed water, she was hardly awake enough to register the thought before falling back asleep.

Venus awoke in pain. The sunburn seemed to cover much of her body. She managed to get to her feet, making it to the bathroom to piss and grab an Advil. She sat down slowly, trying not to hurt herself any more as she released. Mmmmm, she needed that. Shed had so much damn alcohol the day before she must not have pissed it all out the night before. Something wasn't right. Probably dehydration due to the damn burn, she realized. Pain made it hard to focus, but one thing was clear. She needed water. Her parched throat felt like sandpaper. But the biggest concern was figuring out how to minimize needing to get up.

Every step hurt, her skin felt like it was going to split open at any moment, but Venus made her way to the kitchen. She'd bought a pair of giant drink containers at Costco a few weeks earlier. At sixty four ounces each, they'd do the trick. The bulldog filled them with ice and water, screwed the lids on, and carefully managed over to the couch to watch tv. Thank God it was Saturday.

She pulled up Hulu and saw a new Worst Cooks in America had come out. Perfect, some trash tv for a trash day she thought. She didn't even wait for the intro to finish before starting to greedily suck down the first jug.

The chefs were working on and mostly failing at knife cuts, it seemed like. Venus paid no attention to how quickly she drank, just desperately glad that something was slaking the otherwise overwhelming thirst. By the time the first one was getting eliminated, she'd made a hefty dent in how much water remained. Her stomach was getting a bit full, she realized. She must have been drinking quite a bit to have such a noticeable discomfort. The jug sounded about half full when she shook it. Good, she thought. That would help.

Venus dozed off a but as the next episode started, but woke back up during the second challenge. She somehow felt thirsty again, and the bloated feeling she'd had before seemed to be gone, so she set to work on drinking again. There was still a drowsiness in her actions, however. The heat from the day before seemed to have done a real number on the young woman’s energy. She continued to fade in and out, intermittently snoozing, waking to watch her show and drink, before settling into a longer nap.

When the bulldog woke back up, a new pressure was building. Venus groaned as she realized she had to pee. She'd considered not needing to get up for water, but not where that water would go. Shaking her first jug, she found it almost entirely empty. That was a full two liters. It was a miracle she didn't have to go worse. Maybe her body had needed the water to fight dehydration? There was no telling. Still though, given how bad getting up would hurt, she'd fight this mild discomfort.

Some time during her nap a new episode must have started because the annoying wolverine from the previous episode wasn't there anymore, so the must have been an elimination. The show was a convenient distraction, but it didn't exactly require oodles of attention be paid to it. The nagging sensation of her filling bladder was hard to ignore. Sick of lying in the same position, she gingerly went to turn on her side, grimacing as she felt water in her stomach moving. She really had too much to drink too quickit.

At least the side position was a bit more comfortable though. Her skin seemed to be drying out again. Luckily She'd grabbed the Aloe, and began carefully massaging the gel into her red skin. It was tricky to work through the fur, but she did it as her skin quickly sucked it up. She started with her toes having somehow burned the tops of her feet, working her way up. Even a significant portion of her breasts had gotten burned, plus a large part for her belly where her two piece swimsuit had split. This sunburn was just terrible.

She finished rubbing the aloe into her skin, trying to go back to the tv. However, her bladder was starting to become a problem. Perhaps because of how fast she'd been drinking, she thought she needed to go a lot worse now than she did even ten minutes earlier when she'd broken out the aloe. What had been a slightly annoying nagging sensation had rapidly gotten to the point where if she hadn't been in pain she'd definitely have gotten up. Now though, she did have to decide between needing to piss and every step being painful. She decided to endure.

On screen, Chef Ann clucked angrily at one of her recruits. That chicken did not like mistakes. Something about his knife cuts being dangerous and they'd already done this before. While normally the slight drama would have been welcome, now it failed to hold the dog’s attention. Her bladder was filling at an alarming rate and she couldn't stop focusing on it. The idea of having to stagger over to the toilet though was just overwhelming. Neither option seemed like a terribly good one, but one was starting to force itself on her.

An urgent signal from her lower body forced Venus to make the call. She clench her jaw in preparation for the pain as she got up, but as her feet hit the floor and her skin started to move, the pain became too much. She let herself back down onto the couch. She couldn't possibly make that walk, but she couldn't sit on the couch until she pissed herself either. As an adult, she didn't want to acknowledge the very real possibility of that if she kept waiting either. Every passing minute seemed to be having a terrible effect on her. The point of there simply being too much inside was coming, and coming quickly.

The bathroom had never seemed so far, and even on her drunkest weekends she didn't think her bladder had ever been this full. Two liters of water pushing down would do that, she supposed. Wait… that's right. She spotted the nearly empty jug. Bingo.

There wasn't too much left, maybe a few gulps in it. That settled this. She drink the rest of the water and piss in the jug. Without giving herself time to consider it, she started chugging down the dreads of her drink. More liquid entering her body made her bladder pulse. It was a special kind of torture, and she'd swear it was bypassing her stomach altogether, directly filling up her overinflated organ.

With that done, and the end in sight, Venus started to pee against her will. It was a slight trickle, but it wouldn't stay that way and she couldn't get control over it. Quickly she unscrewed the lid, scooted to the edge of the couch, and put the vessel covering her pussy. With that done, the young woman let go. She moaned quietly as relief washed over her body. Her piss came out in a torrent, hitting harshly against the side of the container and filling her ears with a distinct hiss. It was nearly orgasmic, she realized, as pee continued to cascade out. Her tail began to wag and she started to pant happily, thoroughly enjoying being alleviated.

After a minute, her stream slowed to a trickle. The jug was starting to get a bit on the full side, but left enough room at the top for her not to need to worry. With a much more relaxed expression, she settled back into the couch to watch her tv show. Then the bulldog gave a slightly mischievous smile as she picked up the second jug and began to drink.

*002*2018-07-14 03:17

Thank you so much!

*004*2018-07-14 16:07

Yes, I'm the same user. If you'll take look at my previous posts and FA stories, you'll notice they should all line up. Thank you so much for caring enough to check though, that is really great!

