Lily and Emma's desperate park date. (AI assisted)

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2023-04-09 05:17

Hey, Lily here! Sorry about the boring names lol, couldn't think of anything else. This is part one, I feel like it had a nice ending so I stopped for now. There will be a part 2. This writing was assisted by Novel AI.

With that out of the way, enjoy!

Lily had to pee really badly. She has had to go before, but not nearly this bad. Every step step threatened to ruin her panties. Lily's girlfriend, Emma, had been seeing Lily struggling not to hold herself for a bit now, but up until now, she had been too shy to say anything.

"Hey Lily, is everything alright?" Emma asked "You look like you have to pee."

Lily looked down at the ground and blushed. She couldn't believe that Emma was talking about it with her. She felt so embarrassed, especially since Emma was her girlfriend.

"Yeah..." Lily said shyly. "I've had to go really badly for a while now."

"Can you make it to our car?" Emma asked

"Maybe, but if I make it there, I dont think ill be able to make it home, especially with the traffic right now." Lily said shakily. "So we can't do that."

"God damn it, why aren't there any public bathrooms here?" Emma said angrily. "I swear, they make a miles-long trail and they dont put any bathrooms? Preposterous."

"How far are we from the parking lot?" Lily asked nervously.

"I think we've walked about 3 miles." Emma said sympathetically. "But I'm sure we'll get there soon enough. Just try your best to hold it in as long as possible."

Emma kept walking, and Lily did her best to keep up. Her legs were starting to ache and she could feel her bladder getting tighter and tighter.

"SHIT" Lily shrieked. "I'm leaking!"

Emma stopped and turned around to see what was wrong. Lily was doubled over, a hand shoved between her legs, crying.

"Are you okay?" Emma asked. "Do you need me to help you find a bathroom?"

"No! No, I'm fine," Lily said quickly. "Its just... I cant hold it anymore."

"Well then lets hurry back to the car." Emma said.

Emma started jogging again, but Lily didn't want to move fast because she knew that would only make it worse. She tried to relax and concentrate on holding it in, but every time she thought of the fact that they still had 2 miles to go, a spurt shot into her pants. It wasn't much, but it made her feel even more ashamed than she already was. There was no question, she couldn't hold it till they got to the car.

At this point, 2 decisions were running through her head.

1. Keep trying and inevitably wet her pants.

2. pull down her skirt and do it a bit off the trail. her dignity was already ruined anyway.

She decided to go with option two. She started into the woods, motioning Emma to follow her.

"Oh god, oh god, oh god, please let me make it..." she prayed silently.

A few seconds later, another spurt came out. This one was bigger, and it leaked all down her leg.

"OH GOD!" Lily cried. "Please, please, please let me make it."

Another spurt came out, and then another. The first one wasnt as big as the others, but the second and third were both pretty large. They dribbled down her leg, soaking the bottom of her skirt and making her pantyhose stick to her skin.

"Oh my god, Emma!" Lily gasped. "My panties are soaked!"

Emma was shocked by how wet Lily was, but she also felt a rush of excitement. She had never seen anyone pee themselves before, and it seemed like such an intimate act. She followed Lily deeper into the woods.

"I cant hold it anymore, Emma!" Lily wailed.

Emma saw Lily start to pull down her skirt, and she panicked.

"Lily, wait!" Emma yelled. "We're in the middle of nowhere! We cant do this here!"

"I cant hold it!" Lily screamed. "I have to pee so bad! Please help me!"

Emma sighed and reluctantly agreed. She grabbed Lily's arm and held her still.

Lily moaned in relief, but it was short-lived, as she realized she hadn't taken off her skirt yet.

"Wait, Emma! I have to take these off too!" Lily pleaded.

Emma nodded and helped Lily pull her skirt and panties down to her ankles. She stepped out of them and stood in front of Emma. Lily peed for a few minutes, moaning out of relief.

"T-thank you, Emma." Lily said shakily, "If it weren't for you, I would be sitting in a pool of my own piss right now."

Emma smiled and pulled Lily close.

"Your welcome," Emma replied. "I know its hard to ask for help, but sometimes, we need to trust each other."

Lily smiled weakly and leaned into Emma.

The end, for now! Don't worry, in part 2, we will get to see Emma desperate.

*001*2023-04-09 06:09

Ok so I guess part 2 took me less long than expected. Writing sexy scenes involving someone with my name felt so awkward! Once again, assisted by NovelAI. I'll try to get better at writing so hopefully I wont need AI for the rest of this story.

With that being said, Enjoy!

"Crap, your panties are ruined, aren't they?" Emma asked lily.

"yeah..." Lily said shyly. "How are we going to get back to the car like this? I can't put these panties back on, but going commando in a skirt is so dirty..."

"I think it's kind of hot." Emma whispered.

"W-while thats settled!" Lily stammered as she threw her panties into the woods.

"Well then, I guess we should head back to the car." Emma said as she winked at Lily.

Lily smiled and took Emma's hand.

"Thanks for helping me, Emma." Lily said.

"Anytime." Emma said.

They walked back to the car, giggling about what happened.

"I'll drive, it's the least I can do after everything you've done for me today." Lily offered. The couple got in the car and began to drive. It was then that Emma noticed she needed to pee. It was fine, though. It could wait the 30 minutes or so before they got home.

"Ooh, according to my phone, there's been on accident on Lazyname road." Lily said, sounding annoyed.

"Isn't the detour for that one being working on right now?" Emma asked, a hint of panic in her voice.

"Yeah. My pussy is gonna be freezing for the whole 2 hours while they get it cleared up." Lily groaned, "Good thing I didn't decide to wait. I definitely would've wet myself if I had." Emma winced at that last remark, If even Lily with her iron bladder was confident she would wet herself after 2 hours, there was no way she could make it.

"I don't suppose you'd mind stopping by the nearest gas station?" Emma asked hopefully.

"The nearest one is past Lazyname road, so no. Sorry." Lily said sympathetically.

"Thats ok." Emma lied. It was very much not okay. There was no possible way she could hold it for 2 hours. But even after Lily had nearly wet herself in front of Emma, she was still to shy to say that she needed to pee.

"What are we doing tonight?" Lily asked.

"I was thinking that we could watch a movie and cuddle on the couch." Emma replied.

"That sounds nice." Lily said happily.

15 minutes had passed, and neither girl was happy with their arrangement.

"My pussy is freezing right now." Lily complained.

"Oh, fuck it." Emma said as she slid her shorts and panties down, and handed lily her panties. At this, Lily's face turned the color of a tomato.

"Oh come on," Emma said teasingly "We had sex before, but putting on my panties is too naughty for you?" Lily blushed even harder as she slid the panties on.

Another 30 minutes went by. Emma was about to ruin her car seat.

"Uh, Lily?" Emma said shakily.

"What is it, Emma?" Lily asked.

"I'm about to wet myself." Emma said, panic clear in her voice.

"Um, hold on for just another minute!" Lily said, searching her car for something. "Hey Emma. I dont think you're going to like this, but I found an empty water bottle."

"Give them it me! Now!" Emma demanded, a spurt of piss forcing itself into her skin-tight shorts. Lily handed Emma the bottle. Emma, wasting no time, parted her labia and aligned her pee hole to the tip of the bottle. She released a jet of pee into the water bottle, and it started to fill. There was one problem though, the bottle was already three quarters of the way full, and Emma's stream hadn't slowed down in the slightest! She tried and failed to pinch off the stream, ad the bottle overflowed and hot piss covered her hands and legs, also ruining her shorts.

Emma looked down at her crotch, and saw that she was soaked. She had pissed all over herself. She had never peed in front of anyone before, and now she had pissed all over herself. She was mortified. She was also about to cum just from the relief of letting go. She was so embarrassed, she couldn't stop the orgasm. She let out a moan as she climaxed, and her pee continued to flow. She had peed all over her own lap and thighs, and she didn't care. It felt amazing.

Emma finished her orgasm and slumped against the door. Lily looked at her in horror.

"I'm so sorry, Emma!" Lily said, tears in her eyes. "I didn't know it was that bad!"

"It's alright." Emma said weakly. "I'm just glad I'm finally done."

"I'll clean you up when we get home!" Lily promised.

"I'm getting even hornier, now that you are talking about cleaning me." Emma giggled.

"Oh shut up, you horn dog!" Lily laughed.

*002*2023-04-15 04:50

Hey yall! part 3! Still used NovelAI but mostly just to move the story forward. did most of the writing myself. No desperation in this one, the next one will have desperation though.

Emma couldn't possibly be any hornier. After Lily's promise that they were going to clean themselves together, she was wet as an ocean. It took most of her willpower not to masturbate on the way home. They were finally pulling into the garage (thank god they had a garage, Emma's shorts were TIGHT and since she didn't have any panties on the camel toe was insane.) They walked into the house and rushed for the shower. Lily began to undress and Emma turned on the water.

"So are we just cleaning up or?" Emma asked

"Thats the plan, but knowing us that definitely won't be all." Lily responded with a devilish grin.

They both got in the shower and washed off their pee and from their accidents.

"Ok so are we gonna talk about how cute you were when you wet yourself?" Emma asked

"Wow, you're very forward." Lily said, embarrassed. "I really enjoyed the feeling of being desperate, and judging by the stains on your shorts you loved it too."

"Yeah I did." Emma said sheepishly.

"Well we can do more of that." Lily said seductively. "Preferably in our own homes, though."

"Definitely. Did you enjoy watching me wet myself?" Emma asked. She was trying to keep her eyes above eye level.

"Yeah, quite a bit." Lily admitted "Of course at first I was concerned about the car seat, but then I saw the look of complete bliss on your face, as you shook from pure relief."

"So... we're all clean now..." Emma said embarrassedly.

"Oh no, you aren't leaving yet." Lily said seductively. "you had your orgasm, now I want mine. And given by how your pussy is quivering like that, you want more too."

"Caught me there." Emma whispered.

"Shall we begin?" Lily asked excitedly.

"Of course." Emma said as she kneeled in front of Lily, face to face with her quivering pussy.

Emma gently touched Lily's lips with two fingers and then slid them inside of her. Lily moaned loudly as Emma kissed her pussy. Emma licked around her clit and then pulled back, circling the clit with her tongue. Lily writhed on the floor.

"You like this?" Emma asked.

"Yes!" Lily screamed. Her hands clenched the sides of the shower wall.

Emma stopped licking and let go of Lily's pussy and started kissing Lily's stomach. Lily wrapped one hand around Emma's head and brought her mouth back down to her pussy. Emma continued eating Lily out until she felt her body tense. Emma knew what was coming next and dove between Lily's legs again. Lily came hard. She bucked her hips against Emma's mouth, her juices splashing onto Emma's face. When Lily finished cumming, she sat up straight and looked at Emma.

"Thank you." Lily said. "That was amazing."

"It was my pleasure." Emma said smiling.

"Now its time for you to get yours." Lily said.

Emma laid on the floor, surrendering herself to Lily. Lily moved over Emma and kissed her left boob. Then she kissed Emma's neck and chest. Lily began sucking Emma's nipples while fingering her. Emma arched her back, pushing her breasts into Lily's mouth. Emma could feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter. Lily reached down and spread Emma's pussy open with her fingers. Emma gasped as Lily's middle finger entered her. Emma grabbed Lily's wrist and pushed it deeper. Lily smiled and kept fucking Emma with her finger. Emma began moaning louder and louder. Lily removed her finger and replaced it with her tongue. Emma grabbed Lily's hair and pulled her closer. Lily sucked her clit, flicking it with her tongue. Emma came, screaming loudly. Lily lapped up every drop.

After Emma recovered, Lily and Emma climbed out of the shower, exhausted.

"Lets go watch a movie." Lily said.

"Agreed." Emma responded.

*003*2023-04-15 05:13

Part 4! I'm planning on making 2 parts every weekend btw. NovelAI yada yada yada, blah blah blah you've read to other parts already, you know this stuff.

"Oh, I know!" Lily said excitedly. "Lets binge Harry Potter!"

"Sounds like a plan." said Emma.

3 Hours Later.

Emma had to pee pretty bad. Lily had fallen asleep on her though, so she couldn't move or hold herself without waking lily. Emma decided to just wait it out. She figured if she went now, Lily would wake up, and Lily was so cute when she slept.

1 Hour later.

Emma really really had to pee, but Lily was still fast asleep. If Emma didn't find a solution soon, she would end up peeing all over Lily. The only option was to wake Lily up, which Emma really didn't want to do.

30 Minutes later.

Emma had been holding her bladder for 5 hours and 30 minutes, and she was DESPERATE. Even if she got up now, she wouldn't be able to make it to the bathroom. It was then, that Lily repositioned her head directly onto Emma's bulging bladder. Lily's soft breath tickled Emma's skin, and the warmth of her body made Emma even hotter. Emma's bladder exploded. Emma squirted urine everywhere. Lily opened her eyes and looked at Emma.

"What happened?" Lily asked.

"I'm so sorry!" Emma said, panicking. "I really needed to pee but I couldn't move because you were sleeping on top of me and then you rolled onto my bladder and it just exploded I-"

"Shhh..." Lily reassured Emma "It's ok..."

"I should probably go clean this up." Emma said, standing up.

"No! You don't need to clean anything. I'll take care of everything." Lily said, rising from the couch.

"But- I mean I can't leave you alone with this mess." Emma protested.

"Don't worry about it. Just sit back down and relax." Lily said.

Emma sat back down on the couch. On the bright side, they hadn't bothered to put clothes on after their shower, so Emma's clothes weren't ruined.

Lily left to get a mop, and as she got to the closet, she felt a spurt of hot piss shoot out of her pussy onto the floor. She had been so pre-occupied to notice that she, too, was incredibly desperate. *It's ok Lily* She told herself *Just clean up Emma's mess, and then use the restroom.* As she walked back into the living room, she felt what felt like a sucker punch to her bladder. Emma was still peeing full force, and the sight of it made her shoot a 3 second long stream onto the floor. Lily tried to contain her bladder, but it wasn't working. She looked over at Emma and noticed that Emma had stopped peeing. Lily's bladder gave another powerful squeeze, and a torrent of warm pee shot out of her pussy. Emma watched in horror as Lily's piss filled the room.

When Lily finished, she stood up and walked into the kitchen. Emma followed behind her, still completely drenched. Lily turned on the faucet and held her hand under it. Emma could see that Lily was shaking.

"Are you ok?" Emma asked.

"I think so." Lily answered.

"You sure? I can help you clean this up." Emma offered.

"I'm fine." Lily insisted.

"I'm not going anywhere." Emma said.

"Thank you." Lily said. "I really appreciate this."

"Its no problem." Emma said. "Besides, I'd rather be here than in the bathroom."

Lily smiled.

***

The rest of the night passed peacefully. They watched movies, drank wine, ate popcorn, and cuddled on the couch.

