My first story!

Author: LeakyPaint

*000*2020-11-07 14:48

Emily was about to finish her lemonade. Her mom was finished with her salad and Emily already ate her sandwich. This was a normal weekend outing for lunch, but it wasn’t about to stay that way. Emily realized that she REALLY had to pee. But she thought she could hold it. She stuck a hand to her crotch, and fumbled for her lemonade cup to throw out. She got up and wobbled over to the trash, the remaining lemonade sloshing around in the cup. That didn’t help.. she thought. She stuck both hands in her legs.

“What’s wrong, Emily?” Mom asked. “I-I’m fine!” Emily said, shakily. She fidgeted with the edge of her yellow Vivid Studios shirt. She REALLY had to go now. But there wasn’t a bathroom at the cafe. She was about to wet herself at this point, but she said to herself that she could hold it until she got home. They paid and left the cafe to go home. As Emily entered the car, she felt herself leak. No! But her mom already started driving. Every bump on the road was like a firm press from something on her full bladder. She felt another leak escape her pink panties.

She pulled her feet up onto the seat and stuck her hands between her legs, right up against her crotch. Her bladder was pained by the effort to keep in her golden wash of urine. Sweat dribbled down her leg and, for a second, she thought it was a leak but thankfully her panties weren’t wetter than what her 2 previous leaks had done. She felt a stronger leak, a tiny stream, run down her leg and she almost gasped at the tiniest moment of relief.

Realizing the she was about to wet herself, she pressed harder on her crotch to keep the wet tsunami from rushing out. She got out of the car at last and ran to the door of her house. She felt more warm liquid known as pee spill down her leg. As she gave in to the golden ocean of urine, her mom came walking up to her. She fell down in relief ye realized there was even more pee inside her. As the yellow stream erupted into a tsunami of urine, she cried and cried while sitting on her driveway. (The image was just to give an idea of what was happening.) I hope you enjoyed! Thanks for reading my first story.

$$

*001*2020-11-08 15:38

At that one part, it says “ye” instead of “yet” ! My mistake, sorry!

