A Social Caterpie

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-09-22 06:43

So I've been playing sun and moon and as a more story focused pokemon fan I've been loving it!!! I thought of a little one-shot story I could write with these great characters!

###

Lillie rang the doorbell of her new friend, Moon. Ever since she saved Lillie's beloved pokemon, Nebby, they had been hanging out a lot. She didn't know how to explain it, but she'd been feeling weird every time she so much as though of Moon.

By the request of Moon, and the approval of the professor, Lillie had brought Nebby with her. She was reluctant at first, but for some reason she just couldn't say no to Moon. It took a while, but Moon's mother finally answered the door.

"Moon! Your girlfriend is here, come greet her already!" Moon's mother yelled when she saw who was at the door. Lillie made a mental note to ask what 'girlfriend' meant.

"Mom!!!" Moon yelled back, blushing, as she ran down the old wooden stairs. Upon seeing Moon, Lillie felt all the fierceness of a fire-fang descend on her face all at once. Why must just seeing the best person in her world invoke such blazing sensation?

"You can come in, Lillie. I'm making dinner. It's a Kantonese classic, I'm sure you'll love it." Moon's mother welcomed her into the shabby elevated house. She walked into the kitchen as Moon reached the bottom of the stairs.

"Lillie! Hi! Let's head upstairs so we don't disturb my mom." Moon started climbing the stairs and motioned for her friend to follow. Lillie followed with some hesitation. Was a mere hand gesture enough to signal permission? Lillie followed up the stairs and entered the room.

"This place is really cozy." Lillie complimented the small room. She felt as though she wouldn't have much trouble sleeping here tonight.

"I don't really like it. I have too much stuff to shove into this tiny room." Moon complained. Lillie lost her smile as she set her stuff down. "But it's great that you like it! Who knows, we might have more sleepovers!" Moon saved. Lillie's face lit up even brighter than before.

"I-I would love that." Moon swore Lillie was about to cry the way she stared at her. "Uh!- Excuse me, where are my manners? I'm sorry that you don't like the room. I personally love small spaces. I-If you wanted sometime, you could sleep over at the lab. I'm sure Kukui would be alright with it."

"Uh! Yeah! That would be fun!" Now it was Moon's turn to be a gay mess. The two girls sat in silence, subtly avoiding each other's gaze.

"Girls! Dinners ready!" Moon's mother called out. The distinct smell of ramen noodles wafted through the house as the girls ran down the stairs. Lillie had to hold her bag shut to stop Nebby from flying out.

"You're good to let him out, you know?" Moon noticed the shaking bag. Lillie looked mortified. "My mom knows about him."

"Are you out of your mind!?- oh, I apologize, I was not aware of that." Lillie went through at least five different emotions in the span of 2 seconds. She still didn't let Nebby out of the bag. "I'll think about it. I'm worried it will eat all of the food."

"Not if I get to it first!" Moon pushed her way past Lillie. Lillie, having to handle a very angry bag, and now losing her balance, fell on top of Moon. They landed at the bottom of the stairs in a heap, with Nebby floating above them.

"Damn I'm an idiot." Moon said as she pushed off of the ground, holding out a hand. Lillie took it and Rose herself. Moon winced.

"Are you hurt!?" Lillie panicked, looking Moon up and down for any cuts or bruises. She pulled some bandaids and wipes from her bag, wiping and patching up the small cut she had found.

"No, I'm fine. Just sore is all. Thank you for getting that cut, though." Moon held out her fist expectantly. Lillie looked confused. Moon chuckled. "It's a fist bump, hit your fist against mine." Lillie gently tapped her fist against Moon's.

"You kids alright? I heard that fall, sounded painful." Moon's mother came from around the corner. They gave her a nod and sat at the table. Moon's mom put their bowls on the table, and Moon started tearing into hers. Lillie, on the other hand, waited for Moon's mother to give her the ok.

"You can eat, Lillie. Don't worry, Moon told me how you like it." Moon's mom smirked at her daughter.

"You remembered?" Lillie smiled shyly at Moon. The smirk extended to Lillie now as well.

"Of course I did!" Moon smiled back. Nebby formed itself into a heart, causing Moon's mother to let out a giggle.

"Ah! Where are my manners? Thank you for the food, it's absolutely wonderful." Lillie said before continuing to slowly eat her bowl. She felt a familiar twinge in her bladder, but not one too severe yet. She wouldn't want to be impolite by getting up now.

"I'm glad to hear that. So, Lillie, how is it living with Kukui? I hope he's not as chaotic as he used to be." Moon's mother chuckled.

"I'm really grateful to him for taking me in. He and Professor Burnet have been nothing but incredible." Lillie smiled a polite smile.

"Are there any questions you have about Alola?" Moon's mother asked as Lillie finished up her ramen. Lillie thought for a moment.

"This might not be Alola specific, but what's a girlfriend?" Lillie asked curiously.

"Well, looks like we're all done with dinner! Why don't we head upstairs?" Moon interrupted before her mom could answer. Lillie followed politely, a little disappointed that her question didn't get answered.

Nebby followed along, smiling as it always did. Somehow, despite constantly being in danger or trapped in a bag, it's spirit never died. So is the way of the indominitable ultra beast.

Moon shut the door behind her and fell onto the bed. She was excited to spend the rest of the night with her best friend. Lillie stood in the middle of the room, still waiting for an invitation to sit.

"Apologies if I'm overstepping, but I still don't know what a girlfriend is and I'm quite curious. Would you mind enlightening me?" Lillie asked as politely as she could.

"Yeah, I can tell you. I knew my mom would say something crazy which is why I stopped her." Moon prepared. "Girlfriends, or partners, are two people who hang out with each other a lot. They are very comfortable around each other, and trust each other a lot."

"So would that make us girlfriends?" Lillie asked genuinely.

"N-No! Sorry, it's difficult to explain. Girlfriends like each other more than friends do. When they are around each other, they get this weird feeling. It's near impossible to describe, but it's been compared to Butterfree in your stomach." Moon explained further.

"So, if I feel that about someone, am I their girlfriend?" Lillie further questioned. Lillie recognized the feeling Moon described.

"Also no. They have to feel it back towards you. If you confess that you like someone that way, if they don't like you back it gets awkward." Moon warned.

"Do you like me that way? Your mom called me your girlfriend earlier." Lillie asked. Moon had expected this question. She prepared for disappointment.

"Y-Yes. I do." Moon confessed. She closed her eyes tightly. She hoped Lillie wouldn't be too uncomfortable.

"I like you that way too." Lillie admitted shyly. Moon opened her mouth in shock. "Are we girlfriends now?"

"D-Do you want to be?" Moon smiled.

"Yes." Lillie smiled back. Moon pulled her into a warm hug. Lillie hugged back. Nebby nestled itself in-between them, chiming in appreciation.

Moon wondered how she would explain this to her mother. Clearly she saw it coming to some extent, but would she actually approve? What about Kukui? She hated how complicated these things were. But for now, she let herself be happy.

In all the commotion, Lillie had forgotten about her need to pee. Clearly her bladder took that personally, as it came back with a vengeance. Lillie pulled away from the hug.

"This might be a bad time, but where is your bathroom?" Lillie asked urgently.

"It's down the hall and to the right. Pretty sure it's the only other room up here other than my mom's room." Moon directed.

Lillie swiftly made her way over to it. When she got there, she heard the telltale drumming of water against a tub floor. Moon's mother was taking a shower. Lillie made her way back to the room.

"Do you have any other bathrooms?" Lillie stood in the doorway, fidgeting back and forth.

"The one downstairs is out of order, so no. Is my mom showering?" Moon asked.

"Y-Yes." Lillie just wanted to pee.

"Can you hold it until she's done? It might be a while." Moon asked sorrowfully.

"I don't know, and I'd rather not take my chances." Lillie silently begged Moon to just get on with it and provide some sort of solution. Moon thought for a little bit.

"I know this might sound undesirable, but the alternative might be peeing yourself so hear me out." Moon prefaced. "It's dark outside and the only people who live here really are me and the professors across the street, no one would see you if you peed in the bushes behind my house."

"I'll take anything, show me the way." Lillie would never even dream of doing something like this normally, but she was seriously on the edge. Moon took her hand and lead her outside.

"U-Uh, I'll let you go by yourself now." Moon motioned toward the path that wrapped around her house. Lillie looked down the dark and eerie looking area. She braced herself for any embarrassment.

"If it's not too much to ask, could you come with? It's really creepy out here at night." Lillie pleaded.

"Yeah, I'll make sure not to look." Moon took Lillie's hand and lead her through the tall grass. "This is probably the best spot."

Lillie quickly fiddled with her dress, pulling down her shorts and underwear. She pulled her dress out of the way and tried to relax. Nothing happened. She couldn't understand. She had to go so unbelievably bad, but it just wasn't coming out.

"It's not coming out." Lillie said in a panicked tone. She began to breathe erratically. "Moon I think something's wrong-"

"You're ok, Lillie. You're probably just pee-shy, I used to be as well. I could try to help, but that would likely require looking. Otherwise, you'll just have to wait till it forces itself out." Moon calmly explained. Lillie took a deep breath.

"I'm sorry to keep making you do things. I would appreciate getting this done as soon as possible." Lillie felt like she was going to die of embarrassment. Moon sat next to her.

"Now I want you to relax. Take some deep breaths-" Moon started. Right as Lillie closed her eyes, she pushed Lillie's bladder as hard as she could.

"Ow!" Lillie cried out as a spurt escaped her. Good, the seal had been broken. "Moon!"

"I'm sorry, that just one of the only ways I know how to do that. The other ones are more... invasive." Moon apologized. "Now, keep relaxing. I promise I won't push your bladder again. In fact, relax every muscle you can, I'll hold you up."

And so Lillie relaxed. Slowly but surely, pee made it's way out of her urethra and onto the grass below her. Before long, a torrent of piss cascaded out of her, pooling beneath her before flowing down to wherever.

"T-Thank you, Moon." Lillie whispered, barely being heard over the waterfall of urine.

"Yep." Moon would've replied with something more romantic, but this hardly seemed like the time.

Soon after Lillie finished up. They made their way back up stairs, past the still locked bathroom, and into Moon's room. They were both pretty tired after the nights events.

"Is there a place I can change?" Lillie asked.

"Unless you want to wait till the bathrooms open." Moon replied, exhausted. Lillie didn't want to.

"Apologies if this sounds vulgar, may I change here?" Lillie requested.

"Yeah. I should probably change too." Moon said as she threw off her shirt and shorts. Lillie averaged her eyes as she fiddled with her dress. They both changed into oversized T-shirts and thin sweatpants.

Moon motioned for Lillie to climb into bed with her. Lillie, in her tired state, thought nothing of this. They fell asleep in each other's arms, Nebby sleeping on top of them. Moon's mother open the door to check on them. She smiled.

