Ava’s Wet Challenge

Author: LeakyPaint

*000*2020-11-08 15:34

Ava texted her friends from school. “Come over! I have a plan!” she texted. Her friends, Emily (from the last story!) and Janet came over quickly, and Ava discussed her plan. “We’re doing a holding challenge. You know how Emily told us she wet herself at that cafe with her mom? Well, we’re trying not wet ourselves with really full bladders! How full do you think you are now?” Ava waited for an answer, while Emily thought for a while. Janet spoke first. “Uh, 3/10. Not bad.” she sighed. Emily said right after that she was at about, what, 2/10? Ava had the most already though. 4/10. Ava twirled her dyed purple hair. “So.. are we gonna do it or no?” Emily was excited and so was Janet. “We’ll handcuff Ava to the pole in the backyard, and Emily will just sit there with me, but I’ll go full-on willpower to hold mine in. Sound good?” Janet said. They all agreed. Emily went to tape the toilet shut. Then, Ava asked if they should watch a movie about waterfalls, to, you know, get that urine rushing into the bladder, to fill up. They all got some sort of drink and went to the family room at Ava’s house to watch. They sipped their drinks quite fast, as the movie was only 1/2 finished while they were done with their water, soda, and tea.

Emily went to fill it back up, despite her now 5/10 bladder. Janet squirmed and almost put her hands to her crotch, but she remembered her “willpower-only” thing. Her poor bladder was already at 6/10 despite the little time. Probably, the iced tea filled her up to that amount. After the movie was done, Ava went to the pole outside. She got her dad’s handcuffs (Her father is a policeman.) and Janet locked her up on the porch. Ava used her spare hand to cover her crotch and keep the 7/10 from spilling its contents all over the place. Janet went to her spot, and felt a leak dribble from her leg into her sock. Unh.. Janet moaned, wishing to let her now 7/10 spill from her bladder onto the carpet of Ava’s guest room. But she restrained herself, even more than before. Meanwhile with Emily... Emily wanted her 6/10 pain to end, and she nearly let go of her crotch. Then she just, well, let go. Her contents spilled from her crotch into her hands and then out onto the carpet. She kept her gray sweatpants on because she loved gray wet clothing, anything really. She changed her yellow panties to green ones, and when Janet saw her let go like that, she nearly lost it. Drool dripped from her mouth as she yearned to let go of the contents of her 8/10 bladder. 

Eventually she cracked and leaked around half of a tenth. Great.. she thought, now it’s REALLY hard to keep it in, so she let go. Her bladder shot out a golden stream, no, a golden ocean of release, frothy and bubbly. Her soaking skirt and red panties were dripping when she stood up. She realized she had WAY more in and that she only let go of 1/10. She let the other 7/10 out as it shot straight out of there like a tsunami of urine released from her bladder. Sweet release, feels so good.. she drooled. With Ava... Her 9/10 full bladder ached and bulged with the pain of no relief. She leaked out a few drops and gasped at the warm sensation of her pink, small panties getting wet. She loved it, she was so full, her bladder ached to release, oh, the sweet sensation of finally letting the relieving tsunami o- Wait. She realized she had leaked WAY more than she realized, stuck in those thoughts. Her tiny jean shorts were now soaked with her evidence of leak. She had no choice but to keep holding. She felt scorching hot urine speed down her legs through her wet, tiny jean shorts and even smaller pink panties. She didn’t let go. Janet came rushing out in fresh clothing. “Janet! What are you doing?” Ava gasped at Janet’s hand now massaging Ava’s full bladder. Janet pressed harder and harder, until Ava was forced to let go of her full contents onto Janet’s skirt. Ava fell onto the ground still peeing, in pure bliss. Janet helped Ava up , then, Ava still peeing onto the stone porch, uncuffed herself and hobbled inside, st

@@ill emptying the contents of her urine-full bladder. THANK YOU FOR READING! THIS IS THE END OF MY STORY FOR TODAY! Thanks!

