Bitter Rivals

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-06-02 04:27

Back at it again with the lesbian cartoons. This isn't technically lesbian but it has that energy where you don't know if the characters are about to kill each other or kiss each other (I call this the death note effect). Anyway have fun with post-schizo azula being used in an omo fic.

___

Azula sat slumped against the wall of her cell. She was incredibly bored. In her extreme boredom, she managed to develop interesting ways to pass the time.

When she wasn't being tormented by Ursa, Ozai, and such, she was... experimenting with her body. I mean what to do when you've ruined yourself mentally? Ruin yourself physically! Today was a very interesting and oddly arousing experiment. She wasn't peeing. Her current time was around eight hours and she was beginning to squirm uncontrollably. She knew she was near her limit.

Imagine her surprise when that pitiful creature she hated so much stepped into the room.

"Hey, Azula." It spoke.

"Waterbender scum." Azula spat.

Katara sighed. She was always like this. She began her way towards the cell's toilet, but Azula grabbed her wrist.

"Hold on, you've always wanted to be included in my experimenting, right?" Azula asked

"Yeah! What should I do?" Katara's eyes lit up. This might be a breakthrough.

"Well today I've decided not to piss." Azula explained. "I want you to participate too. It can be like a game."

Katar mulled it over. On the one hand, she knew this was a taunt. Dangling a better understanding of the princess over her head with a condition only people like Azula would accept. On the other hand, this could build some serious trust with the fire bender.

"I accept." Katara sat down a bit too quickly. She had to use waterbending on her pee to stop it from escaping.

"No waterbending, that's not fair." Azula complained.

"No making yourself sweat with fire bending then." Katar wagered.

"Fine."

###

Katara was at her limit. She was grabbing herself, crossing and uncrossing her legs, the whole nine yards.

Azula was looking much worse for wear, however, as she was actively leaking drops on to the floor every few seconds. It was torture. Torture Katara really enjoyed.

Katara let out a gasp as her bladder let go. A torrent of piss hit the floor and fell down the cells drain. Azula ran for the toilet but slipped on the piss covered ground. She landed on her butt facing Katara. She was not wearing any underwear. Azula had just flashed her peeing crotch to her worst enemy. It was very arousing. Katara blushed and looked away.

The steams finally died down to trickles and stopped. Azula was physically shaking, and she was so close to an orgasm on the spot. Barely anything hit her this hard anymore.

"I can get that piss off your clothes." Katara lifted her hands in the air, effortlessly extracting the urine from their clothes and throwing it into the drain.

"R-remind me to ask you to help again." Azula panted. "Now unless you want to finish me off right here, get out." Katara obliged.

___

Man I love writing avatar stuff.

*003*2024-06-07 03:18

{{On 6/5/2024 at 4:01 PM, warham1995 said:

Have you ever played bayonetta before, if yes can you write a story about Jeanne and bayonetta needing to pee while escaping from hell and bayonetta teasing Jeanne about not going before they made their escape although she also has to pee so Jeanne teases her back with exposing her secret crush on her and being turned on by both jeanne and herself being desperate to pee?

}}

If bayonetta ends up becoming one of my ever-changing hyperfixations, I could totally write a story like that! Sadly, I don't think it will, as many of mine tend to be more light-hearted things, like pokemon or avatar. It might help to post this as a topic somewhere (idk where though) and see if people want to write it. Another idea is to write it yourself! It sounds very daunting, but as long as you know the basic rules (show don't tell, don't overuse dialogue, proofread, use proper punctuation) it's pretty easy to get started!

