Severus potion alternative ending

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2020-07-23 16:08

Today Severus thought he would work on some potions that needed to be done for the hospital wing. He made sure to get everything ready before he started including getting drinks ready so he wouldn’t have to leave during the time he was making his potions.

He got started, he thought he would start with some pain relievers, something easy. As time when on he was constantly drinking, unaware of how this was going to effect him later.

He then decided to move on to some of the more complicated potions but thought he would take a break to get a quick bite to eat. After eating he saw it was getting late so he decided to start on the rest of the potions straight away. Completely forgetting that he should have got to the loo before starting the potions.

He had just started a really complicated potion when he felt a twinge in his bladder and he started to think when was the last time he went to the toilet. He had not been since he morning pee and it was now 9 in the evening. He thought he would finish the potion he was working on and ignore his bladder. He could make it.

He soon realised that all the liquid he had been drinking thought the day was starting to catch up with him. He also still had 5 hours left on his complicated potion, he was starting to get worried.

After another half an hour of concentrating on his potion he got a more urgent twinge from his bladder saying he was pretty full.

Severus was getting really worried. Thinking he might not be able to make it.

Another hour went by and Severus was shuffling about on the spot trying to keep his bladder in check. He kept telling himself that he had to hold it for only another 3 and half hours and then he can get the sweet relief he wants. But the potion was important and it would be a waste of ingredients if he left now an fine he would have to start again.

Another hour down Severus was seriously thinking he was going to piss himself in his potion lab. But at least nobody would witness it he thought.

2 hours left on the potion and Severus was trying to concentrate on the potion and not on his bladder.

Severus reached down to squeeze his crotch in an effort to see if it help to keep all that piss inside him. But he had to focus on the potion lest he ruin it and all this holding would be for nothing.

1 hour left and Severus thought he might make it. But then he lost a spurt. Severus grabbed his crotch quickly trying to contain the flood inside him. Severus was string to panic and think he really might not make it to bathroom let alone finish his potion.

He only had 45 minutes left on his potion, so Severus thought he would rough it out and stay till he finished his potion, hoping this wouldn’t be a bad idea.

Another spurt escaped and Severus grabbed his dick through his pants, luckily it was just a same one and Severus breathed a sign of relief.

Severus looked at the clock only 30 minutes left he could make it there was only a few more steps on his potion to complete it, he couldn’t give up now.

One of Severus’ hand was planted firmly on his dick to help keep any spurts of urine escaping from his full to bursting bladder. He could not stand still, shifting from side to side praying that his bladder would not release its self all over his trousers.

Severus was trying really hard to focus on his potion and not the tsunami that was going to come.

10 minutes left for the potion and then he would bottle and go and have a very long relieving piss.

Another spurt escaped a longer one this time like 3 seconds and Severus had a hard time stopping it but he managed it. Having a vice like grip on his dick to help keep the flood in, hopping up and down, trying to get the time to hurry up so he could pee.

Severus was thinking how he would have to get he way back to his quarters when he was this desperate for a piss.

He checked the time and the potion had 1 minutes to set the he could put it into bottles and be on his was to have the best piss of his life.

The timer went off. Just bottle and then he can leave for his quarters.

Everything bottled with difficulty, another spurt escaped his dick while he bottling the potion.

He then thought to himself he will never make it to his quarters, a much longer leak escape and he thought he better find something quick that he can piss in before he pisses himself.

Frantically looking around while both hand were vice liked gripped on his dick trying to prevent more piss leaking into his pants.

The small leaks started to turn into a small stream while Severus was looking for somewhere to pee.

Severus then spotted his dirty cauldrons that he was going to clean tomorrow, and thought it was either this or pissing his pants.

His mind made up and the piss staring to get a more forceful stream Severus quickly made his was over to the dirty cauldrons all the while pulling out his spraying pissing dick, spraying piss all over the floor.

Now his dick was out of his pants and trousers the piss was coming out more forceful and Severus bit back a moan and pointed his dick in the first dirty cauldrons and finally let go of all that pent up piss and a flood exited his bladder at an alarming rate and it even had Severus thinking one cauldron won’t be enough.

He tried to stop his piss long enough to aim into another cauldron and he finally relaxed and let the piss flow and the relief flood over him and he finally got to piss.

Moaning out loud as all that piss flowed out.

Finally the stream finished and Severus look down at what he had done and he first thoughts were that was hot but then humiliation kicked in and he thought how he couldn’t even get back to his quarters to pee.

Severus did have a piss kink but he only wanted to do this sort of thing alone in his quarters.

Severus quickly cleaned up his mess with a wave of his wand. And made his was back to his quarters.

When he got back to his quarters, he thought about the relief he felt when finally letting go of all that piss and he dick started to get hard in his still wet pants.

So Severus slowly started to rub he dick through his trousers, feeling pleasure run through him, as he slower started to build towards he orgasm because he was so turned on it didn’t take long for him to be on the brink of orgasm.

Severus again thought of the moment he fully let go of his piss and his orgasm over took him and he shuddered as he cummed in his pants. His orgasm was so powerful he sank to his knees am shaking and moaning as the pleasure over took him as it never had before.

Once Severus was sure he could stand again he made his was to the bathroom, pissed again for a good 30 seconds and hopped into the shower.

He then went to his room and got into bed and hoped he wouldn’t be up too many times during the night as he had to be up early tomorrow.

