In bus with my Chachi part 2

Author: lonerwolf

*000*2023-02-21 12:06

Hello everyone, so this is my first time writing any omo content. Hope you guys enjoy it.

I came across a story on another website titled 'In bus with my Chachi'. I was eagerly waiting for a part 2 of this but the author never posted it so I decided to write the part 2 myself. Do read the first part for context and better understanding of the plot.

Here is the link: https://desibahu.com/in-the-bus-with-my-aunt/

Now let's begin:

We went inside the toilet. It was a bit small for two people to enter at the same time. Chachi tried removing my wet pants. I was very ashamed of my inability to hold it in. My face was red as saffron. She removed my pants and underwear and I was standing bare bottom in front of her which was kind of my fantasy but not in condition like this. I was feeling a bit shy and tried to cover my crotch with my hands. She said to me, "there is no need to be shy from your Chachi, beta." and asked me to remove my hands. I did as I was told. She then grabbed a hand towel from her purse and started wiping off my wet thighs and then my buttocks. Once we were done, she quickly ran away to the bus to get me a pair of dry underwear and pants. I wore the pants and both of us went towards the bus.

When we entered the bus, almost everyone was laughing at me. The bus driver, conductor, ladies, children, everyone. Only the hostess was sympathetic towards me. She placed her hand on my shoulder and said, "don't worry about it, happens with the best of us." I nodded. I was comforted by her gesture. Chachi and I went to our seat. My seat was still wet so Chachi took out a towel from my bag and placed it over my seat and I sat on it. Everyone returned from the toilet and the driver started the bus. We were again on our way to Karachi.

It was hardly 20 minutes since our last stop and the bus stopped again. Everyone was confused as there was still plenty of time in reaching Karachi and there was no gas station of any sort nearby. It was a completely remote location so everyone was confused. The driver and conductor stepped out of the bus to see the problem. After a few minutes, they cam back. When people asked what happened then the conductor said that there is a failure in the engine and it will take a while to repair it.

"Aww! come on" some people yelled. Now we were stranded in a completely remote location with no help. After a while I was feeling hungry and asked Chachi if there is anything to eat. She said that there is only biscuits and chai (tea). I said "no problem. I am hungry." She took out two packets of biscuits and a thermos full of chai. I took the biscuits and started eating. they were delicious. She offered me some chai but I refused as I was not taking any chances after my accident. But my aunt is very much addicted to chai. She can drink the entire thermos in one go. She started drinking the chai and drank two cups and then closed the thermos and kept it away.

As time passed we were still stuck at the same place. My aunt had drunk almost half of the tea in the thermos which is quite a lot of liquid. She was about to drink another cup but I stopped her said, "Chachi don't drink that much otherwise you will also have to hold your susu (pee). She laughed and said "don't worry beta, I am used to all of this." After some time the hostess came towards us and sat with us. We started having a chat. Her name was Fatima. She was working as an intern with the transport company. I was still a bit reluctant to talk to her after what had happened earlier.

She was very humble and never once made fun of my situation. I thought that she had gone through something like that earlier and that's why she was so sympathetic. My aunt gave her some chai and she also drank three cups. My aunt again offered me some chai and I again refused but this time Fatima persuaded to have some. I was a bit hesitant but drank a cup. I whispered in my aunt's eat "what if I have to go again?" Fatima somehow overheard me and said, "don't be that nervous, one cup won't have any adverse effect." She handed me an empty plastic bottle and said "if somehow the situation gets out of control, use it." I was blushing after being treated like a baby.

Well this goes for more than two hours. Fatima and my aunt have emptied the thermos. The driver and conductor had repaired the bus and we were good to go. It was nearly midnight and all the passengers were asleep except me, my aunt and Fatima. The driver turned on the music system so that he might not fall asleep while driving.

There was one and a half hour to reach Karachi. Fatima returned back to her seat. I was doing absolutely fine but I noticed my aunt was fidgeting and also stammering while talking. I could tell that she needed a susu break. I whispered in my aunt's ear if she needs to pee. She nodded but said that she can hold it. She asked me if I need to pee. I said that I am fine.

I don't know why but I was aroused seeing my aunt sitting beside me struggling to hold her pee. About 45 minutes later I was also feeling the urge to pee badly. I started holding my crotch. My aunt saw me holding my crotch and asked "need to pee again beta?" I was embarrassed but just simply nodded without making eye contact. She again asked "can you hold it this time?" I said I will try. I asked "how about you?" She said that she was struggling but will manage.

After 10 minutes, it had become impossible for me to hold on. I said that I can't hold it any longer and I am going to use the bottle. I took out my dick from my pants and started peeing in the bottle. The music was loud enough so that other passengers cannot listen the sound of me peeing but my aunt was able to listen it very clearly. The hissing sound of my pee coming from my dick and dribbling of pee in the bottle made situations worse for her but she clenched as hard as she could to not pee in her leggings.

I was done peeing and was relieved to empty my bladder. My aunt was in agony. Her bladder was aching like hell. She started chanting "ROK KE RAKH, ROK KE RAKH WARNA SABKE KE SAMNE BEZATTI HO JAYEGI." (hold it in or you will embarrass yourself in front of everyone.) After 5 minutes, tears rolled into her as she slowly began losing control and started peeing in her leggings. I was shocked and turned on at the same time seeing her pee herself. She literally flooded her seat. Her kurta was also drenched in her piss. I did not had the courage to say anything to her at that moment. I sat in silence for a while when she was sobbing. After a while I patted her and said "it's ok chachi, you did your best to hold it in." She wiped off her tears and asked me to not tell anyone about this. I promised her that I won't tell anybody.

She slowly recovered from the shock but started panicking about the mess and her soaked leggings. The embarrassment was almost inevitable or so as we both thought. Soon we saw Fatima coming to our seat walking like a duck. I guess she was in a state of emergency too. She came to our seat and was shocked to see the big puddle under my aunt's seat. There was no explanation needed for joining the dots. My aunt pleaded to help her. Though she was also desperate she maintained her composure and said, "don't panic mam I will help you out."

Fatima made a plan to remove the puddle and let my aunt change clothes without getting anyone's attention. First the puddle was taken care of with the same hand towel that was used to wipe me. Then came the challenging part, helping my aunt change clothes. Luckily the last row of the bus was empty. We slowly and steadily moved towards the last row with dry clothes, me and Fatima covering her from back and front respectively. We had to make sure that we look completely casual even if we catch the attention of the driver in the rear view mirror so that no suspicion is raised.

We somehow made it to last seat. I sat in the middle of the seat, my aunt lied down putting her head on my lap in such a way that her half body was covered with the prior seats. Fatima also took cover of the seats. I started massaging her head. From the front it looked as if my aunt was having a headache or something and I was massaging her. Nothing suspicious. The driver was busy driving. We had to be quick because we were about to reach Karachi. Fatima quickly removed my aunt's piss soaked leggings and panties. I couldn't help myself from looking at my aunt's naked pussy. Damn it was hell of a view. I got an erection. Fatima quickly wiped her with a towel and helped her wear dry panties and leggings.

Now was the turn to change the kurta. My aunt changed her side and kept her feet on my lap. It was difficult to change the kurta while lying on the seat. Somehow Fatima was able to remove the wet kurta. But it was becoming more difficult for Fatima to be in that position. She really needed a restroom. While she was about to help my aunt to wear the kurta, she let out a loud bubbly fart which was very smelly. She was very embarrassed and apologized. She did not only had to pee but also she had to take a dump. She said "MUJHE BAHUT ZOR SE TATTI AAYI HAI, PATA NAHI AUR KITNI DER TAK ROK PAUNGI." (I really need to take a dump and I don't know for how long I can hold it.) My aunt was still lying in the red bra and I was watching it with immense joy.

Fatima somehow managed to help my aunt wear her kurta and were good to go. When we were heading towards our seat then all of a sudden, Fatima lost the control over her bowels and starting shitting and peeing herself in a squat position behind the seats. Her blue jeans were completely soiled. Another mess was created which had to be taken care of and we had to help Fatima get out of this trouble. This time I was given the responsibility to change her pants.

I quickly grabbed a pair of my jeans and a pair of panties of my aunt from my bag without raising attention. Fatima lied down and placed her head on my aunt's lap. My aunt and Fatima were constantly looking at the driver. I slowly removed her soiled pants and panties. Her butt was completely covered in shit and it cannot be cleaned with just the towel. We needed water but we ran out of it. Then my aunt gave me the idea of using my pee to clean her up. At first she refused but then agreed because of no other option. As they say desperate times calls for desperate measures.

I came to my seat and grabbed the bottle which had my pee. I came back and started washing her butt with my piss and my bare hands. Though it was gross but the feeling of touching the white soft buttocks is out of this world. It was so hot that I came in my pants. I cleaned her up and wiped her with towel, helped her wear the panties and pants. It was done. The only thing left was to dispose off the soiled pants and panties. I put the pants, panties and the towel in a polythene bag and sprayed deodorant in the bag and in the nearby area and then placed them in another bag and sprayed deodorant in that too.

Finally we reached Karachi. We gave the bag to Fatima and she threw it in a dustbin. We thanked her for helping us and exchanged numbers. Since then, we have been in touch and at times we have had numerous kinky adventures together. But these stories are for some other time.

The End

So this wraps up the story of In the bus with my chachi. Hope you guys loved it. Feel free to share you views about the story. I am open to feedback and constructive criticism

