Desperate piss

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2020-07-23 16:05

I have decided to do a hold today. So I started by emptying my bladder, s I have a fresh tank. It is 10am

So I then start with having 2 glasses of water. Then go onto watch some tv for an hour I then repeat this for 3 more times, so I now have had 8 glasses of water.

I decide that I will wear a pull up so I can contain the mess easier and for quicker clean up.

It is now 2pm and that water is slower started to make its presence known. I the decide to have a large cup of tea, as tea goes straight through me so it won’t take long to reach my bladder.

Soon as I have finished my tea, I start with doing some exercise to get moving about. My bladder is starting to get fuller now, I’d say about 6/10. My exercises are going a bit slower than normal, cause my bladder is now sending signals every 5 or so minutes to say please empty me.

After finishing my exercises I sit down and have some drinks to stay hydrated. But about 10 minutes later I regret it as my bladder is starting to get really full 8/10 and I know it won’t be long before my bladder can’t take it anymore.

About an half an hour later and I can’t sit still, my hand it gripping my dick, in hopes I won’t leek any.

I know now it won’t be long until I and pissing, in my pull up or so where else.

It is getting very urgent now, I have leaked a bit into my pull up, my hand is gripping tightly around my dick in hopes it will help and I can hold longer.

But I can’t another leak, this time longer soaking my pull up and I know I won’t be able to control it much longer.

I have to get upstairs to the bathroom before I promptly exploded in my pull up and trousers, my pull up can’t hold much more before it too starts to leak.

Both my hands are now clamped on my dick as I slowly rise from my chair, I quickly check for wetness of the chair, I’m good.

Ok, all I have to do is climb the stairs. Easy right.

I get to the bottom of the stairs by shuffling while keeping a firm grip on my dick. I take the first step and I spurt into my pull up, gripping tighter.

I think shall I just run for it and hope for the best and get there quicker but risk leaking even more.

Or

Should I take it slow and prolong my agony of just wanting to piss.

I chose to just get there as fast as I can cause I feel like I am loosing the battle against my bladder.

One hand inside my pull up trying to plug my dick to stop my piss leaking out and I just starting rushing up the stair each step I was leaking a little more by the time I got to the top of the stairs, I was leaking a small steady stream.

I tried to cut it off and I was successful but in a bit of pain and knowing if it started again I wouldn’t be able to stop it again.

I dashed into the bathroom, as soon as I was inside I was tearing open my tourers and trying to tear open my pull up when my bladder promptly exploded and started releasing itself as I tried to open the soaking wet pull up which piss a forceful stream.

I finally got the soaking pull up open and quickly grabbed my forcefully pissing dick, piss flying everywhere and pointed it towards to toilet bowl and fully relaxed as piss just kept exploding out of dick at an alarming rate.

I thought it would never end and I didn’t want it too as it was an orgasmic feeling of finally being able to let go after a very big hold.

I was moaning so loud even as my piss was splashing against the water in the bowl.

The relief was incredible, after all that time holding, I was glad to pissing it all out.

