Five days under the storm

Author: Lachary2

*000*2025-08-09 16:21

This is pretty much just poop desperation I made for myself that I wanted to post here, enjoy if that's your thing!

The trip had started with sunshine and clear trails — a five-day trek through deep forest to a remote highland lake. For Jordan, Kai, Rina, and Tess, it had been the kind of escape they’d been craving: no phones, no deadlines, just mountain air and the quiet drip of pine needles after a morning dew.

What none of them had expected was how their bodies would revolt against the trip’s… rustic nature. The lake’s water was fine for drinking after boiling, but the lack of proper facilities made them all quietly hesitant. By the end of the first day, they’d all eaten heavily — trail mix, pasta, jerky, protein bars — and told themselves they’d “go” in the morning.

The morning never came. Or rather, it came with a fierce wind and icy drizzle, making any venture to dig a pit feel unbearable. And so, day by day, their bellies grew heavier. By the fourth day, they were each carrying several meals’ worth inside them, moving slowly, feeling the strain in their cores.

That evening, the storm truly arrived. The wind rattled the treetops in long, deep moans, rain hammering so hard it bounced against the tent’s taut walls. The four of them huddled inside the single largest shelter they had — Jordan’s four-person tent — their sleeping bags spread edge to edge in a single row. There was no stepping outside without getting soaked to the bone.

For the first hour, they chatted quietly, the storm masking their voices. Then silence settled in, and with it came the faint, awkward symphony of their overworked guts.

It started with a low grrrrrmmmmmph from Rina’s direction. She curled slightly in her sleeping bag, face pinched. Across from her, Tess shifted her legs and let out a small, almost silent pffft. Her eyes flicked toward the others, cheeks red, but no one said anything.

Jordan, lying closest to the tent wall, pressed a palm to his stomach. The pressure there was relentless now, a deep, slow churn that came in waves. Kai, beside him, wasn’t faring much better — every few minutes his abdomen would ripple, and his breath would catch like he was holding something back.

Then came a particularly fierce gust of wind, making the whole tent shudder. Inside, as if on cue, all four bellies groaned at once — deep, resonant, and impossible to ignore. The air between them thickened with the unspoken truth: they all needed to go, badly, and there was nowhere to go but here.

Rina broke first, voice hushed but urgent. “Oh god… I don’t think I can hold it all night…”

Jordan swallowed, his own muscles tightening. “Yeah. Me neither.”

Kai let out a small, involuntary grunt, curling his knees. Tess covered her face with her hands, mumbling, “This is… so bad…”

The storm outside roared on, a wall of noise that somehow made the cramped space feel even smaller. Each of them shifted restlessly, trying to ease the pressure without moving too much. The sound of rain was soon joined by quiet gasps, the faint fffft of air escaping despite their best efforts, and the low, wet gurgles of four overloaded guts giving in to motion.

The tent was warm from their combined body heat, the air humid with breath and the faint tang of damp fabric. The storm outside was relentless, pelting the nylon walls with a constant thwap-thwap-thwap. It might have been comforting under normal circumstances — but for the four of them, trapped in this tight space, it was a prison.

Kai lay on his back, one knee bent, biting his lip every time a cramp seized him. He could feel the weight inside shift forward with each pulse, pressing low and insistent. Every few minutes his stomach gave a bubbling groan loud enough to be heard over the rain.

Jordan shifted on his side, pulling his sleeping bag tighter around his hips. He’d been holding for over three days — four meals too many — and the urge came now in rolling waves that left him momentarily dizzy. A tiny squeak of air slipped past, masked by the storm, but his face still flushed hot.

Beside him, Tess had her arms wrapped around her belly, her body rocking subtly. Her eyes were shut tight, but her breathing was uneven, little gasps breaking the rhythm whenever a sharper cramp tore through her. The sounds from her sleeping bag — faint, airy releases she couldn’t hold back — came more frequently now.

Rina, curled up on her side opposite Tess, had one leg drawn up almost to her chest. She bit the inside of her cheek, trying to ignore the churning pressure. The day’s granola and dried fruit had turned to a slow, heavy ache that radiated through her hips. She exhaled shakily when another deep grrrrrmmpf echoed from her core.

The minutes dragged. The wind battered the tent, and inside, the four of them twitched and shifted, each trapped in their own battle. They tried not to look at each other, as if eye contact would make the situation too real — but there was no denying the sounds and smells starting to mix into the air.

Another gust rattled the tent poles, and Jordan gave a muffled grunt, clenching hard. He felt the solid, urgent mass inside pressing right to the brink, the pressure so sharp he couldn’t straighten his legs.

Kai suddenly let out a low groan, hand clamping over his stomach. “Oh god… I can’t…” he breathed, rocking once. A long, airy pfffffffhhhhhht slipped out, warm against the sleeping bag, followed by a gurgle so deep it made Tess glance over at him in sympathy — and worry.

Rina was next to break the silence. “Should we... find something...” Her voice trembled as another cramp hit, making her knees jerk.

The tent had become its own little storm, their quiet breaths and shifting sleeping bags mixing with the occasional, involuntary release. The shared tension was almost unbearable — they all knew the next few hours would be a fight against inevitability.

The storm showed no signs of letting up. Each rumble of thunder seemed to shake the tension deeper into their guts. The nylon walls shivered in the wind, and every so often a spray of rain hit hard enough to mist the air inside.

Jordan shifted again, face tight, one hand pressed into the sleeping bag over his abdomen. “God… it’s not stopping,” he muttered, voice barely above the rain. His belly gave a drawn-out glorp-glorp-glorp, and a sudden airy prrfffhhhttttt broke free before he could stop it. The sour heat drifted through the cramped air.

Kai curled forward, one hand gripping his shin, the other planted against the tent floor as if bracing himself. “Four days,” he murmured. “Four days since…” He cut off with a clenched breath, hips lifting subtly as a deep brtfffffhhhhhhtttt rattled free, tapering into a wet hiss. He shivered at the relief but clenched back immediately, jaw tight.

Tess was panting through her nose, her sleeping bag pulled up to her chest now, legs shifting constantly beneath it. Another short, squeaky pffft slipped out, and then another, the bursts of air coming quicker as she tried — and failed — to keep control. She gave a breathless laugh that was half a groan. “We’re… not gonna make it.”

Rina’s eyes darted to the far corner of the tent. Between their backpacks and a bundle of spare clothes sat the big canvas tote bag they’d hauled in their food and cookware with. It sagged limply, empty now except for a stray napkin at the bottom. Her gaze lingered on it, an idea forming.

“That,” she whispered, nodding toward it, “is our only shot.”

Three sets of eyes followed her nod. The bag suddenly looked less like luggage and more like salvation.

Jordan gave a humorless laugh, interrupted by a sharp cramp that bent him forward. “Oh god… don’t even tempt me.” He clenched, face twisting, but another long pfffffttttrrrrhhhttttt escaped him, accompanied by a low gurgle from deep inside.

Kai was already crawling toward it, his movements stiff and halting, as if each shift of his hips threatened to undo him completely. “We either use it… or this whole tent is ruined.”

Tess swallowed hard, a tremor in her legs as a hot bubble of air hissed out between them. “It’s big enough… right?”

Rina’s only answer was another muffled bbrtffhhhhtttt from her sleeping bag as she clamped both hands over her belly, biting back a moan.

The tote sat there, silent and patient, as the four of them stared at it between bouts of cramping, their bodies betraying them in little bursts and sputters. The smell in the tent grew heavier, humid with the scent of their combined struggle, and the storm outside roared on as if mocking them.

It sat between them like an altar, its worn canvas sides sagging gently in the flickering light from the tent’s small lantern. Outside, the storm hammered relentlessly, the thunder rolling low and long, shaking the very ground beneath their feet.

Inside, the four campers shifted uneasily, the space suddenly too small for the weight of what they all carried inside.

Jordan was the first to break the silence. His breath hitched as a sharp cramp folded him forward. His face flushed deeper than before, and the soft prrrfffhhhhtttt of a leaking fart escaped before he could clamp down.

“I… I don’t think I can hold much longer,” he confessed, voice rough. His eyes flicked toward the tote, then back to the others. “Who’s gonna go first?”

Kai groaned, rolling onto his side with trembling hands clutching his belly. “I think… it’s gonna be me.” Another pffffrrrrttt slipped free, wetter this time, as he clenched hard to stop it from becoming more. “I’m not proud of it, but…”

Tess’s breathing grew more rapid, her legs twitching beneath the sleeping bag. Her eyes were fixed on the tote, bright with a mix of fear and relief. “I can’t… not much longer either. But who’s really ready?”

Rina swallowed thickly, curling tighter in her corner. “Does it even matter who?” Her voice was barely a whisper. A long prrfffhhhhhhtttt rattled out from her, trembling with it, followed by a another short, airy brrtttppp.

They all sat there for a long moment, each consumed by the gnawing pressure inside, their bodies betraying them with every tiny, uncontrollable release. The smell in the tent thickened, heavy with the scent of their collective struggle.

Jordan finally exhaled sharply. “I’ll start. Someone’s gotta.”

Slowly, carefully, he shifted his hips toward the tote, muscles trembling. he slipped out of his sleeping bag hastily, he slipped down his underwear and his hands gripped the edge of the tote bag as he tried to relax, fighting against the flood building behind the walls of his control.

The first push was a whisper — a tentative, shaky prrrpffft — as the tip of his long-held burden edged out. His face twisted, a mixture of shame and relief flooding his features. Jordan closed his eyes as he let his muscles relax fully for the first time in days. His body trembled as the massive, dense log began its slow journey outward. Every inch stretched him wide, the weight and length testing his limits. His breath hitched sharply with each push — crackling, sounds filling the still tent air.

The log finally broke free with a heavy plop into the tote, sending a rush of relief flooding through Jordan’s core. He exhaled long and slow, limbs slack, his body humming with the release of the unbearable pressure.

Kai’s eyes flicked with a mixture of sympathy and jealousy. “My turn,” he whispered, shifting forward on his side, his body stiff and hesitant. The storm’s howl outside seemed to fade beneath the rising chorus of internal turmoil.

Kai shifted slowly toward the tote bag, every movement deliberate and careful, as if the slightest jostle might unleash a flood he wasn’t yet ready to face. His breath was shallow, each inhale shaky as his body trembled with the growing pressure. Four days of holding had built an immense weight inside him—a dense, stubborn mass that refused to yield without a fierce battle. He placed one hand on the floor for balance, the other on his abdomen, feeling the tightness ripple beneath his fingers.

A deep, almost guttural grrrnnnnnk rumbled from deep within his core, echoing softly against the tent’s fabric walls. He bit his lower lip and slowly, painstakingly, relaxed the muscles guarding his release. The first whisper of sound was a moist, heavy brpffftttt, small and hesitant but unmistakable. It was the opening note of what felt like a symphony of relief his body was aching to perform.

Kai’s breath hitched as the first log began its slow descent, thick and solid. Inch by inch it emerged, the sensation both intensely uncomfortable and achingly relieving. His sphincter stretched wide, every muscle fiber working in harmony and rebellion all at once. He grunted softly, sweat beading along his brow as he fought to maintain control, knowing this release was both necessary and exhausting.

The log, stubborn and dense, moved with agonizing slowness, like a great weight being eased from inside him. The wet, heavy plop it made as it landed in the canvas tote was a sharp punctuation to his struggle. For a moment, Kai rested his forehead on the tent floor, gasping quietly as the pressure inside began to ebb away.

His body sagged slightly, the relief washing over him like a tide finally retreating. But the journey wasn’t over yet. Another rumble stirred deep in his bowels, and with a shaky inhale, Kai prepared for the next push.

This time the sound was wetter and louder—a slow, drawn-out brrppfffttt that carried a hint of urgency. The log that followed was just as long and solid as the first, a stubborn mass that resisted but ultimately surrendered to his will. Kai’s face flushed crimson as he clenched and pushed, the slow progression of the log marked by soft squelching sounds and his low, strained breathing.

When it finally slipped free, a deep thplop resonated, and a wave of warmth spread through his body, chasing away the tension like a balm. He allowed himself a weak smile, fingers trembling as they rested on the tent floor, the weight inside him finally easing.

Rina lay curled in the far corner of the tent, her body trembling with the sheer weight of the pressure that had been building inside her for days. Every breath she took felt thick and heavy, each pulse sending waves of discomfort that radiated deep into her hips and lower abdomen. She hugged her knees tighter, trying to steady herself against the mounting urgency, but she knew the moment was inevitable.

Her gaze flickered to the canvas tote bag sitting patiently nearby, a silent promise of relief and surrender. Slowly, she pushed herself upright, her movements slow and cautious as if afraid that any sudden motion might trigger an uncontrollable release. Her hands clutched the fabric of her sleeping bag, knuckles white with tension.

With a shaky breath, Rina shifted closer to the tote, knees bent and legs spread slightly to brace herself. The first subtle push was a gentle prrfffhhht—a whispered prelude to the torrent she had been holding back for so long. Her face tightened in concentration, eyes closing as she willed her body to cooperate, to let go of the immense burden locked inside.

Then, the true weight began to move. A long, solid log started to slide free, thick and unyielding, testing every muscle in her body. The sensation was overwhelming—a blend of sharp stretching and slow, steady release that left her gasping softly. Inch by inch, the heavy mass emerged, dragging with it the months of discomfort and restraint.

Rina’s breathing grew ragged, shallow pants escaping her lips as she pushed harder, surrendering fully to the relief that was flooding through her veins. The sound of the log slipping free was a deep, wet thplllop, followed by a soft, squelching rustle as it settled into the tote’s waiting depths.

But her body was not done. Another immense pressure built quickly, and Rina braced herself for the next release—a log even longer, heavier, and more solid than the first. The slow, deliberate push stretched her mercilessly, her muscles trembling with the effort to contain such a massive weight. Each inch that moved outward brought both sharp discomfort and a flood of relief that washed over her in waves.

The tent was filled with the wet, heavy sounds of release—the deep plopping, the soft splashes against the canvas bag, the quiet groans and exhales as Rina poured out the full measure of her pent-up burden. Her hands gripped her thighs tightly, white-knuckled and trembling, as she surrendered to the long-awaited liberation.

When the final mass had slipped free, and the last plop echoed softly in the cramped tent, Rina sagged forward, her body limp with exhaustion and blissful relief. A slow, contented sigh escaped her lips as the crushing pressure finally lifted, leaving her hollowed and serene.

For a long moment, she remained still, basking in the sensation of release and the quiet aftermath of her ordeal, the tote heavy with the evidence of endurance and the triumph of surrender.

