Tucker & Trevor

Author: Laura Crossed

*000*2023-12-14 10:30

(All characters in this story are a work of fiction. They are not based on anyone in real life.)

Can you last the whole story without busting? Mwahaa, try not to blow it to soon >;D ****

I first met Nicole in highschool. It feels weird to say her real name, because for as long as I've known her Nicole has just always gone by 'Trevor'. I'm not really sure why, not sure if she even knows why. It was just one of those weird 'quirky' high school things that ended up sticking. That was over thirteen years ago now.

Trevor and I started dating in the 10th grade. I know, I know, dating your highschool sweetheart in your late twenties is rightfully laughed at. We've made it work though, and have never gone through that rough spot in the relationship that breaks up most ill-fated teenage romances that should never have lingered longer than senior year.

In the thirteen odd years we've been together, I've watched Trevor pee almost everyday. I watch her pee whenever we're home and the need arises in her. I watched her pee in the Mall of America bathroom at our senior prom. Every concert, camping trip, and late night drive that Trevor needed to make an emergency squat for, I was there enjoying the sights and sounds. She even jokes that she gets lonely in the bathroom when I'm at work. The sight of Trevor on the toilet is one that is very dear to my heart, my soul, and my dick.

On one particular Friday we both had the day off and had been enjoying it out of the house. I had watched her take a quick and loud pee before we left and her bladder had remained unbothered since. In truth I can't remember exactly why we were out. She had wanted to go to Sephora for a new pallet the name of which escapes me, though normally I always remember. It was a surprisingly dead crowd at the River Hills for a Friday afternoon and we had really just been wandering, getting steps in, and occasionally making an impulse buy.

It had only intended to be a trip to get a few things from Kwic Trip, I think it was for more bread and some sausage for tomorrow's breakfast, but we had ended up too stoned for our own good and eventually meandered over to the River Hills. Trevor was carrying her white and plasticy Sephora bag and I was in tow with my much more unnecessary bag from Zoomies that was cradling a new pair of Empire denim. I remember Trevor loudly sucking the last of her Starry out from the food court cup before very comically slam dunking it into the trash can by the exit.

She was a short girl, maybe barely five foot three and she was rather petite, though she was very nicely filling out her form-fitting black skinny jeans. That faded almost ashy-black denim clung tightly around her ankle and ran all the way up her legs. It hugged her knee before shooting off in an elegant curve that wrapped her irresistibly squeezable and kissable thighs up. They were so damn round, but not very big. Small, soft and squishy, the way I liked it. The curve broke off into her crotch, which was forming a tight 'V' shape that so perfectly was cradled between her legs. All that separated those yellow and white Gudetama underwear from my lustful gaze was a patinaed cheap brass zipper and a button. Of course, I wouldn't mention the best until the very last. It all came together behind her. Every curve from her thighs highlighted in that ash-black, the shape of her small calves, that devilish tightness around the crotch, it all came together over her butt.

Like everything else it wasn't exactly giant, or even big, but had such a shape, such a defined roundness that could only be perfectly presented in those jeans specifically. Trevor's butt was my one weakness. She used it almost everyday to get something out of me, from taking out the trash to something a bit more naughty. She would rub it on me, let me touch it, and if she really wanted some serious housework done that War Thunder was pulling me away from, she would slip my hand behind the waistline of her pants and let it ever so slowly slide down. The softness of her underwear against my palm, those two little curved and squishy buttcheeks pressing between my fingers, I was completely powerless to it.

Those jeans weren't tight enough to ride up in between and really show off both cheeks, but rather swaddled them both together in a tight, rounded curve that visually controlled the back of her pants. You could see the two lines from her Gudetama underwear pressing through the denim, wrapped around the edges of her butt like a curve on a racetrack. It was hard not to touch it right there in the parking lot.

"Alright wise guy, eyes on the road this time." she said, stepping into our car. The seatbelt was trying its damndest to climb over her boobs and into the buckle. "Such a big ask but I think I can do it." I said. The seatbelt was pushed down and nested under her boobs now. You could just as clearly see the upper edges of Trevor's bra as you could the lines on her underwear. The ride back home wasn't far. It didn't take much idle chatter to realize we had forgotten to go to Kwik Trip.

"Ah shit, we forgot the bread and sausage." I said. "Oh yeah, we did! We're dumbasses. Let's just stop on the way home." said Trevor. I flicked on the car's turn signal. Kwik Trip was just down the intersection. The traffic light remained red. Cars had queued up behind us. "Sounds good to me."

Trevor shifted in her seat. "Good, cos' I gotta go." I couldn't help but smile. Trevor wasn't usually trying to get me worked up. In private, she considered herself a freak, but Trevor was restrained in public. Kisses and hand holds were enough of a show for the crowd for her. A considerable problem in this preferred course of public action of course, was whenever Trevor had to go to the bathroom, no matter which need it was that she was pressed with, it activated every caveman neuron in my brain and every dirty desire in my mind. "Go? Go where?" I asked sarcastically. Trevor rolled her eyes. Her eyelids were adorned with a well done wing of eyeliner that had already become slightly smudged.

"Yeah, yeah, very funny. You know what I mean." she said. We had been sitting at the intersection for a while. Any second now and we'd have the green arrow. Trevor shifted again. She shuffled her thighs until they came to a rest in a comfortable position. "I don't actually." I said. "You just want me to say it, don't you?" Trevor couldn't help but half smile. The light turned green. "Maybe." I said. Now she was fully smiling, her teeth partially showing. "I gotta pee." In the moment I made a split decision. A stupid one too, I'll admit fully, one made in a horny state of mind. I flicked the turn signal off and instead just went straight, heading back to the apartment.

"Hey! You did that on purpose!" Trevor protested. "Nah, come on. We can just get that stuff tomorrow. We're already almost home." I fired back. Trevor crossed one leg over the other now. She was trying not to make it obvious. "But, Tucker…it's a ten minute drive. And there's a very awesome and cool toilet I can pee in like thirty seconds that way." said Trevor as she made a pointing gesture toward the Kwik Trip. I put a hand on one of her thighs. "You can hold it, no problem. Right?" She pouted her lip in such an adorable way, made her sweet little kitty cat eyes at me, trying to get me to slip up this one time.

"Pwease, Tucka? I wewwy habba gu pee pee….itsa bad Tucka." A powerful move, but my will was good. "But I can watch you at home." She shifted her crossed leg. "I'll let you come in at Kwik! I always do, remember." She had me at a crossroads now. I could have easily just turned back around and still get to watch Trevor pee. But that's not really what I wanted, not this time.

I wanted to cum.

"But…well, if you hold it, it'll be really loud." Trevor was a little annoyed, but she still couldn't break that little smile. "Alright, alright, you win. I'll let my boyfriend I love very much hear my loud as fuck piss coming out. But only because of that whole 'love you very much' thing. You know. It's casual." We both laughed, Trevor growing more fidgety. "Okay, well can you please hurry though? I can't wait much longer." I moved my hand. It slid over her thigh and started to dip. A few stray fingers rested on her crotch over her jeans zipper. She squeezed them slightly as she crossed her legs. "I like it when you can't wait much longer."

She bit her lip. Her little cheeks blushed. "Oh yeah? Well, maybe I really, really gotta piss. And after I….uh..fuckin'...spray it out like gawdamn water gun, I'll really, really wanna fuck you." Then I started blushing. She started squeezing her thighs together harder. We hit a stop sign and Trevor was clenching a fist. "I'd fuck you right now if I could. You're making me hard enough." She looked down at my lap, I was comically pitching a tent like a gag in a South Park episode. "Well, if I can't pee until we're home, you don't get your dick touched until I pee. Deal?......I really wish I could fucking grab it right now though."

"That sounds really fair. Unless you just piss right here in the car." I said devilishly. Trevor was clenching and unclenching her fist rhythmically now. Her leg was shaking. "Oh my God, no, shut up. You'll make me actually do it." she said. I squeezed her thigh with my hand as she started pressing against it with the other. "Okay, I'll shut up. I won't talk about you on the toilet, having such a great pee." Trevor whined. She bit her lip and sucked some air through her teeth. "Ohhhhh, fuck, babe, I have to pee so bad. Don't you want me to fuck you? Stop driving so damn slow and help me hold it."

Our apartment building was in the periphery of our vision up ahead. Trevor was bouncing now, jigging up and down on her buttcheeks. Her boobs swayed like wrecking balls and cheeks were flushed bright red. She took her hand and grabbed my forearm and proceeded to pull it, sliding my hand further and further across the curve of her thigh until my palm and fingers were deeply squared up right in-between her crotch. My boner throbbed and pulsed involuntarily under my pants.

Trevor very quickly shot her hand in her crotch too, placing it over mine. She had clutched her fingers between mine and was trying to keep pressing our hands up against her vulva to desperately relieve that aching pressure. It was almost uncomfortable, there was just so much squeezing and squishing going on. Our hands were locked and buried in her crotch and her thighs were crossing together so tight that the denim was slightly abrasing the skin on the back of my hand.

"Ahhh, oh, it's helping a little…..ah!...enf!.... I'm barely holding it! Hurry!" shouted Trevor.

I looked over at her as our car was rolling over the parking lot speed bump. Trevor was in complete pee desperation agony. She shifted, fidgeted, bounced, and swayed. Her crossed legs quivered, her foot shook, she rubbed her free hand that was not currently in her crotch against the denim on her leg. She grinded her butt into the seat and clenched and unclenched the cheeks. It was her face, though, that cute little face that really got me. Trevor's teeth were stained with smudges of black Kat Von D lipstick from nervously biting on her bottom lip. Her freckles were exposed against her flushed red cheeks. Blue eyes that shone in the light like a watery jewel were squinted and furrowed from deep concentration.

The car stopped. Trevor swayed forward briefly from the weight transfer. She almost immediately started clawing at the door handle. It clacked uselessly in her hand against the power lock. "Oh my fucking god, dude, come on! Unlock it!" shouted Trevor. "I need my hand back, though." I replied casually. Trevor glanced down at our hands and whimpered. "But…that's stopping all my pee, babe. Literally dude, I don't know if I'll last one second. It's really helping me hold it."

Trevor started pouting her lower lip again. Her lipstick was all messed up now. "Can you carry me?" Even I wasn't expecting that. "Please? I can't walk and hold it, my little bladder can't multitask right now cos' it's a little occupied." Sitting parked, I noticed the car was bouncing side to side on its coilovers from Trevor grinding her butt and shaking her leg. She really wasn't lying about how bad she had to pee, and I was loving it.

"Okay, I'll carry you….but I walk really slow when my hands are full." Trevor didn't have the strength to protest, she could only give me a genuine smile, a smart-ass smile with a sliver of lipstick smudged teeth that signaled "I really love you, you know." But instead of saying that directly, she just giggled. "Alright fine, you big PERVERT, you can make this poor little girl hold it even longer in your arms…..but hurry!" We both undid our seatbelts. I slowly slid my hand out from Trevor's crotch, taking my time to drag every finger tip over the curve and trace a few circles with them before finally hitting the door lock. Trevor had been resting her hand on the handle in anticipation, waiting to throw it open.

Walking around the car, even I thought this was silly. Yet, we were both smiling, both laughing, both in love with each other, both lustful and horny, both embarrassed at our weaknesses of flesh yet embracing of our carnal desires. Trevor opened her door. I scooped her up, her weight resting on my arms, supported from the upper back and the crux of her knees. She immediately clasped both of her hands into her crotch. I was making it difficult for Trevor to press her legs together in a way that helped. I felt her shiver, and heard her gasp. "Oh God, I have the pee shivers. Did you feel it?" We entered the lobby. I was thankful no one was there.

"Yeah, I felt it. You're doing a great job at not pissing yourself." Trevor was unamused at my wit. "Unf…I don't know if I can't last any longer." The plastic elevator button clacked as I pressed it. The mechanical and metallic lurches of the elevator sounded from behind the doors. Trevor was squirming in my arms.

"Fucking….Jesus. Hurry up you damn elevator!" said Trevor, her voice strained. Great beads of sweat were dropping down from her hairline, I remember the streaky trail of concealer and foundation that the drops left behind. I shifted my weight as the doors slid open. Trevor's eyes locked in fear like a deer staring down a Freightliner. I just shifted Trevor's weight again to get comfortable. I stepped into the elevator with the pudgy middle aged man standing in the car. He had a salt and pepper beard and a tucked in flannel shirt, both intimidating and unimportant at the same time. I stood next to him, Trevor in my arms, and awkwardly pressed the button for our floor. She was visibly sweaty and flushed, breathing heavy. She was dead quiet, only the sound of our breathing filling out the silence, and talked to me with her eyes in a way only Trevor could.

"You suck so bad right now." she said silently.

The man said something, half mumbled. "I remember young love, ha. Enjoy it while you can, eventually it goes away and changes into something else." Neither of us particularly cared about his rambling. Trevor had really started to squirm in my arms now. Her legs were fidgeting and she was wiggling her butt. I don't remember what I said to that gut, in truth, and I don't really care to remember either. The doors finally slid open and I quickly stepped out with Trevor. Our apartment was in the corner, down the hallway. I almost tripped from Trevor moving around. "Open the door, open the door! Just let me fucking piss already!

Trevor had the door key in her clutch. I held her up to the door and fiddled around in it for a second or two until she finally found the key. I've never seen Trevor so frantically put a key in the tumbler before, her hands had a shake to them and she almost dropped the damn things. She threw the door open and tried to wriggle free of my grasp.

"Hey! Nyff…lemme go! Please, come on Tucker I have to pee so fucking bad!" said Trevor in my arms. I didn't care, and quite frankly I wanted more. I started to kiss Trevor on her neck starting at the nape and working my way up as I kicked the door closed.

"Oh…oh…..no, no come on dude. I gotta go….oh." Trevor's voice started to get breathy. I plopped down on the couch, her still in my arms, and we started to kiss. Trevor's arms somehow found their way across me and she pulled me in. "Please make it quick, babe. I don't think I can hold it anymore." Now Trevor's black lips met my neck. I felt the lipstick rubbing off as she undid her zipper and button. Her legs were absolutely trembling, her toes were curling inside their socks, her face so flushed and sweaty, her eyes begging me to let her go pee first. I saw Gudetama sleeping under a piece of bacon poking out at me from behind her unzipped pants. She potty-danced and shuffled her legs back and forth as she slid them off in front of me. She had gone in with both of her thumbs perched out ready to pull her underwear down, but instead I stopped her.

"I can't fuck you with my panties on, numbnuts." I started to undo my belt, my boner practically unzipped my pants on its own. "I don't want to cum in you, I want to cum on you." My pants were fully around my ankles now. I almost blew it right there, looking at Trevor in her underwear, a hand in her crotch, shuffling her legs. The pressure built and built, but I stopped it. Barely. "Babe…I'll suck you off so good…and I'll have to piss so fucking bad the whole time….I'll be wiggling my butt around cos' it's so bad." She gripped my boxers and slowly pulled them down. My dick was red, stiff, and throbbing, begging as much for a release as Trevor was for her bladder. Right as she was about to go in with her mouth, I stopped her.

"Hey!" said Trevor as I pushed her head away. I stood up again, my pants and underwear at my feet. Trevor stared down at my boner, confused. "What are you-" I swept her up again in my arms, her bare legs felt nice and cold against my skin. I easily repositioned Trevor in the spot I wanted her in as I sat back down with a thump.

I was holding Trevor in my arms still, pressed close against my chest. She realized quickly what I was doing and rested her back against the armrest. Up until this point, we had never done this before. It made me honestly blush how Trevor realized what I wanted and unapologetically was willing, no, wanting, to do it.

I was going to thigh fuck Trevor. She wrapped her soft, squishy, smooth, naked thighs around my dick, the silky soft skin pressed up against my shaft from both sides. I reached back, under her shirt, and unhooked her bra. She awkwardly rustled it out and threw it to the carpet, flipping her beat up old Avenged Sevenfold shirt up over her boobs. Trevor had small, rounded, and wide boobs that now unsupported from her bra were lazily flopped down across her chest. I also felt like it was important to mention here that through the lust, the stimulation and beating hearts, through all the passion of the moment, Trevor still really had to piss.

A chilling shiver shot down her spine that I felt against my whole body. Her toes were uncomfortably clenching and her legs were shaking, stirring, jiggling, and quivering from the muscle strain of keeping her bladder closed. I had started to slowly thrust my hips and my dick slid against the tightly crossed squishy mass of Trevor's thighs. Slow at first, with a good rhythm. My dick was completely trapped between two silky squishies, gripping it, grinding it. I gasped and groaned, the sensations against the sides of my shaft sent pulsing waves of tingling pleasure that were standing my hair up on my neck. My hands both ran up Trevor's sides and made an urgent exit to her bouncing boobs.

I grasped them both, soft and weighty yet bouncy and smooth. I had started to feel the curve, Trevor's nipples firmly squeezed between my ring and middle fingers as I massaged and rubbed them. She started moaning and gasping in agonizing pleasure.

"Oh….fuck yeah….ugh so dry though….let me help, Tucker." Trevor said. She vigorously licked her fingers and started rubbing her nipples along with me. Her saliva was almost magical, causing both our sets of fingers to glide and slide everywhere and she reapplied liberally when needed. "Please babe, faster, I'm gonna…gonna cum too." I looked in her eyes. "Me too, I'm gonna cum all over you." I said between breaths. I picked up my rhythm, my dick sliding faster, Trevor squirming harder. "Suck, asshole, suck!" I couldn't even respond before Trevor pushed my face into her boobs at that moment. I didn't have to think, either. My tongue knew what to do, and how to do it the way she liked.

I couldn't help slurping and sucking. My spit was going fucking everywhere, pressed up into her boobs my own face was getting just as covered in spit as Trevor's nipples were. I felt her heart beating as fast as it possibly could. "Ah! Babe! I seriously can't hold it anymore! I…I fucking can't…ahhh!! Ohh!!! Ahh!!" Looking back now, I'm surprised she could stand it as long as she did. There was sweat on her forehead, her toes were curled so hard it probably hurt a lot, her thighs clutched my dick so fucking hard trying to hold it in, she just couldn't stop it anymore.

Trevor gasped, and moaned, and then sighed and tensed up in pleasure. Something amazing happened, something that can't just be recreated or re enacted again. It was something special, a both intimate and highly perverse moment of love. I could hear the pressure, the rushing release of her piss. I thought I would pull a calf as uncontrollably trusted with mad perversion. As Trevor had an orgasim she also pissed a massive flood all over my dick. I thought she was going to piss forever. I felt the rush on my shaft, her gripping thighs lubricated by her warm piss.

I was dead meat, there was no way I could last another second. I couldn't help yelling and moaning as I was overwhelmed with twitching ecstasy. My cheeks were no doubt flushed red as I came, the hot cum splattered into the air in long streams before landing back down all over me and Trevor's thighs.

We both sighed. There was this almost weird silence for a moment until we started laughing now. Piss was everywhere and so was my cum. Trevor and I awkwardly uncoupled from each other and sat next to each other on the soaked couch, her jeans still around her ankles. "Maybe we….should have put down a towel or something first." she said. The whole living room of the apartment was starting to stink. "Look I didn't really think this through, admittedly."

Trevor just laughed and kissed my cheek. "I'm gonna go shower, and no you can't watch you big pervert. I'll help clean up what's left, deal?" I kissed Trevor. "Alright, deal."


