Through the Storm - Page 5

Author: LittlePunkGirl

&&

*104*2018-01-12 02:11

Looking at her phone she saw it was 6:12 p.m. some one had left her charger out for her on the desk, so she plugged it in. She wasn’t quite sure what to do next but her full bladder and empty stomach made the decision for her. Bri makes her way to the bathroom and is grateful to find it empty. She’s still getting used to her new family and isn’t quite ready for all of them at once to see her taking her morning? No. Well first piss of the day. Bri grabs a cloth from the rack and goes to squat over one of the toilets, pulling up her sleep shirt as she goes. Her pee makes a soft ringing pattering sound as it hits the metal. 

She looks up and can see herself in the mirror, the golden stream exiting her is quite visible. She’s surprised by how simultaneously vulnerable, cute, and sexy she looks. The purple knee-highs bring the cute, her position the vulnerable, and her girl parts definitely bring the sexy. The socks also keep her feet warm on the cold tile and are super soft, as is the nightgown. She smiles as she rinses and dries off before going to sink.

Looking around as she washes her hands she notices a note taped to the mirror. Below it is a small wicker basket filled with assorted toiletry items. “Hi Bri, Renny and I got up earlier, but you were still a sleep. We found your phone charger and wallet in your jacket pocket along with your multitool, we put it along with everything else on your desk. Your clothes are in the laundry room. The basket below contains everything you’ll need health and hygiene wise. It’s five now, were going to do breakfast for dinner around six since everyone missed it the first time this morning :) . Feel free to join us if you want.

Love, Your Moms :)”

Bri smiles warmly as she goes through the basket. The first item she pulls out is a toothbrush, purple and white. Then a tube of “Dr. Grinmans Dental Scrubbing Paste” emblazoned with a cartoon picture of a mustachio’ed grandfatherly doctor. There is also a thing of floss and floss picks. Second is a brass caddy containing a collection of glass bottles filled with fancy looking body wash, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, bubble bath, and even a face scrub/mask set. Bri’s eyes brighten in shock mixed with happiness as she see’s that the caddy has an engraved name plate. “Bri Daniels-Finnthighearn

” It’s then that she looks over at one of the nearby shelves and realizes there are four other caddies just like hers. Opening the bottles, they all smell wonderful; a mix of mint, green tea, and several strange but pleasantly fragrant herbs.

Third is a stick of degree women’s black and white. Fourth are two razors, one a modern five blade “women’s” style, the other is an old-school chromed steel safety razor. Along with a jar label shave cream. It smells like a mix of sandalwood, coco butter, and peaches. Fith is a hairbrush and comb. Last are two brown carboard boxes with the words “Daniels-Finnthighearn Family Pharmacy” above a gold circle surrounding a mortar and pestle surmounted by the alchemical symbol for brimstone. The first contains a mix of pads and tampons. The other is an assorted mix of thirty condoms. Both penetrative and receptive. Plus, a bottle of lube. Bri grins sheepishly as her face flushes.

*106*2018-01-13 02:23

After brushing her teeth, God she had forgotten how gross they felt, and washing her face Bri exits the bathroom. She’s trying to find the kitchen. The house seems to be laid out in a circle, so she figures that if she keeps walking right eventually she’ll find it. Directly across from her is the living room. Its walls are the same wood panel and white plaster. Shelves of books, knickknacks, antiquities, and curios crowd the walls. They compete for space with a wide assortment of family pictures, together they give the room an overall warm vibe. The right-hand wall, facing the courtyard/drive has a large bay window with a comfortable looking bench seat. Directly across is another large brick enchanted fire place built into the corner. It crackles merrily in front of a low depression of padded suede leather with a built-in table in the center. Above the fire place is an oil painting of the family.

They all have a different kind of smile, Renny looks like she’s knows a hilarious secret. Gwen stares at the lake and mountains in the background, with a serene beauty that is somehow sad and joyful at the same time. The siblings hold each other in a manner that is affectionate but teasing. Clearly goofing off and trying to embarrass each other. There seated around a wrought iron table outside what appears to be a road side café or pub. The building looks like an old farmhouse and is made of white stone with a slate roof.

A large tree with white bark like a birch but with purple maple shaped leaves, shades the outdoor seating area. Turning away from the painting Bri can see that to the left is a midcentury modern looking leather sectional in front of large flat screen and an entertainment center crowded with electronics. Half the titles on various media cases are in languages with completely alien scripts. A rat’s nest of cords and adapters connects the tv to what can only be described as a large cabinet that contains the results of an old school radio, record player, and amplifier all making passionate love to each other.

*108*2018-01-13 03:10

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn I'm so hooked on this story with every single chapter

}}

:)

*110*2018-01-13 05:00

Bri can hear shouting and laughter coming from an open arch in the upper left corner. Stepping through it Bri’s jaw drops in amazement there is a dining room and a spacious open plan kitchen with a breakfast nook; the rooms are separated by a bar. The dining room contains another fireplace to the right. Other than that, there is only a mission style looking table, chairs and side cabinet of dishes to the left. Callie and Liam are seated next to each other and talking in an animated Fashion. It seems to be about a web comic Liam is writing and drawing. But that’s not what’s grabbed Bri’s attention. She walks into the kitchen, eyes wide and seeming to flash as they dart about. Renny is in full on sorcerer’s apprentice mode as she prepares breakfast. Ingredient’s and cooking implements fly through the air in different directions, on various errands. A set of knives is rhythmically chopping fruit before two large animate forks scoop it into small glass bowls which fly onto the bar.

The far wall is dominated a massive commercial grade stainless steel range/stove. The top is split between eight gas burners and a griddle. The griddle is currently split three ways. Closest to the counter bacon, sausages and slices of ham are frying. To the center pancakes and french toast. To the right a large mound of buttery looking scrambled eggs which are promptly scraped onto a plate by a flight team of spatulas. Standing in the center of the culinary storm, waving a wooden spoon like a conductor is Renny. As some of the breakfast meats reach doneness the begin to make darkly comedic yelping noises as the leap off the griddle and on to waiting paper towel lined wire racks. Bri’s mouth forms an “O” and she clamps her hands over it trying to suppress a fit of laughter. Control becomes impossible to maintain however, when the toaster goes full “Lord of the Dance” and begins working through a complicated Irish step number.

This gets the attention of Renny and Gwen, Renny speaks first “Well looks who’s up! Morning or should I say evening princess? I thought you weren’t going wake from your enchanted sleep until Zariel sounded the last day.”

“Uh…”

“It’s okay dear your other mom is just teasing.” Gwen tries to look stern but can’t hide her grin. “Breakfast will be ready shortly dear. How would you like your eggs?”

“Uh if this isn’t too much… Could I get a Denver Omelet?”

“You doubt my skills?” Renny says as she theatrically makes a sweeping gesture to the stove. A glass bowl and whisk come swooping in from behind in midscramble, before dumping their contents on to the griddle. Several knives begin chopping meat and veg. Bri grins and makes finger guns at Renny who bows still in full theatrical mode. “Is the furniture going to start singing something about being our guest?”

“Nope because your already family love!” Bri’s chest hurts but it’s not heartburn. “So, what’s your poison carb wise? Pancakes, French Toast, or….” Ding! “Biscuits?” The oven opens and a wonderful buttery/bready smell wafts out as a tray of biscuits ascends surrounded by golden light. This triggers a momentary flash of one of Bri’s few happy memories from her old life.

She’s sitting at the kitchen table, she was six. Week winter sunlight was streaming through the windows. Her mother was making breakfast and had given her a cup of hot chocolate. She was reading a story book about a man that God loved so much that he took him up to heaven and made him an angel. The memory flash only lasts few seconds and Bri isn’t even fully aware of it consciously before it’s over. All she knows is that she feels something bittersweet that she can’t name. Then her brain switches to food as her stomach repeats its signal and the moment ends.

Seeing the agonized indecisive look on Bri’s face “All three it is!” Renny says teasingly. A stack of six pancakes, four slices of French Toast, and four biscuits fly onto a plate. Gwen chimes in “Everything should be ready shortly. Help yourself to anything you want. There’s mixed fruit, yogurt and fresh made granola on the bar. If you want something to drink….” Gwen points to a series of glass dispensers. “Water, milk both whole and chocolate, orange juice, grape fruit, and apple.” A flight of metal carafes comes in for a landing. “Ah good coffee and tea are ready. There’s also hot chocolate and cider.”

“If after all this you need something stronger…” She points to a series of taps built into the bar. “We also have several local beers and hard ciders.” Bri figures hot chocolate and a stout will pair well together before she sits down. And yeah after everything that’s happened she could use a beer. In only a few minutes Gwen and Renny join them and the conversation starts in earnest as plates of food float over and set themselves down in front of their respective person. Bri grabs several small bowls of jam and a tray of butter as she tucks in ravenously. It’s possibly the best food she’s ever tasted.

*112*2018-01-13 16:38

Over breakfast Bri gets to know the others better. It turns out that Renny is actually non-binary. She just uses feminine pronouns for convenience because that’s how she presents most of the time. Gnomes simply don’t have a concept of fixed genders the way other species do. The closest they have is that some traits are considered soft, refined and associated with the celestial heavens, others are hard, associated with the body and the earth. Water and Sky traits are considered intermediate.

None are superior all are natural parts of the life cycle and any person can have any combination of traits. The closest thing Renny has to a gender in her own culture is a poetic descriptive phrase that acts as a summary of her traits. It roughly translates as “They who wield creations fire with song and dance, their dance is among the stars of heaven and the gods hold them dear.”

“That’s beautiful!”

“Thank you Bri it’s a little melodramatic, but then again I always did have a flair for drama.” A sugar bowl zips into Renny’s outstretched hand causing the whole family to laugh.

Then there’s the fact that because of natural aptitude with magic most Gnomes can alter their body to some extent at will. Renny has near total control. Which she demonstrates as her body shifts and stretches with a popping of joints. Bri dosen’t even notice the bit of omelet that falls out of her mouth and into her lap. To her it looks like a masterful CGI effect, undone by being simply to fantastical to believe. With less than a minute Renny has turned herself into a handsome Gnomish man with sandy blond hair. Bri can still recognize her eyes and parts of her facial features. “Holy Shit! That is so cool!” Renny changes back bows and breakfast resumes.

*114*2018-01-13 20:11

Callie likes math, astronomy and physics and plans to study them at university. She also enjoys photography and cinematography, she frequently helps Liam with the layout of his comic. Unlike Renny her hair is a bright bubble gum pink. She has some magical talent, but it is still developing and nowhere near her mom’s. Liam is a handsome young man whose plain hair cut is more than offset by striking facial features that are a combination of his mothers’. He likes to write and draw frequently wandering the nearby woods sketching the plants and wildlife. His current project is a web-comic that is a mix of cyberpunk, slice of life, Lovecraft mythos and detective fiction. Reading a few pages that he shows her on his phone it’s clear that he has a sharp wit and an eye for satire. He plans on studying either philosophy, literature, or anthropology, after spending a couple years at an artist’s collective in the capital.

*116*2018-01-13 22:22

Gwen talks about her work at the national university. Bri explains her background and how she got to Solanus including the fight with the warg. “You are such a badass cool new sister, who cares if you shit your pants!” is Callie’s response causing Bri to blush. From there the conversation moves on to Gwen giving Bri a crash course on Zeramar. “So, you’ve heard us mention Zeramar before but you’re probably wondering what were talking about?”

“Yeah, I figured it’s the country were in?”

“Close, were about a hundred miles past the border in the frontier territories.”

“Renny’s family all lives in town. It’s one of the autonomous Gnomish colonies you’ll find scattered throughout the region.”

“So how does that work with your well…. Work?”

“Brindmagarten is one the largest colonies with a mixed population of about 52,000 people. The national university system and the Seelie Court embassy jointly established a satellite campus there called Brindmagarten International University and Vocational Technology Center. So I only have to go into the capital on occasions when something important has to be handled in person or I need specialized equipment.”

“Okay that makes sense, so Zeramar?” Gwen is now in full professor mode and is becoming more energetic as she goes on. “Roughly 3,500 years ago a group of iron working nomadic tribes settled down upon finding a hill from which an eclipse and rare celestial alignment was seen. This matched the prophecy of the tribe’s oracles, which they had claimed to have received from ‘a being of radiant light’. The city they founded would one day become, Zeramar…..”

*118*2018-01-14 05:37

Just wanted to give a heads up the next chapter gets dark. CW for graphic content

*119*2018-01-14 05:48

Ch. 5

“Flash forward through several thousand years of history. Wars, the rise and fall of empires, the birth and death of kings, and the retreat of the elves. But also, the lives of ordinary folk those countless millions who make a nation possible. People raising crops and families, running shops, building the great cities. Or simply just trying to build a life worth living. Through all this that city is reborn as a phoenix so many times that historians have simply lost count. Where our story begins though is at a point three hundred years ago during the reign of king Leopold X crown sovereign of the kingdom of Zeramar.

The country is almost at it’s current size and it’s about to begin its first round of industrialization. Leopold’s reign at first seems unremarkable he takes the throne at age forty-three and seems like a competent and able administrator, but there is a growing darkness in the man. Leopold slowly withdraws over a period of several years. He limits the number audiences and often sends proxies to state functions. He begins to confide in several close advisors that he thinks people are plotting to overthrow him or have him assassinated. First palace security is increased. Then he hires twenty handpicked private bodyguards and secretly has them taken to be mindwarped into fanatical loyalty. Nobody is aware of it yet but this the first line Leopold crosses, it will not be the last.”

“He begins to suspect old friends, his most loyal councilors and even his own family are plotting behind his back. They want the throne, he must strike first. People begin to fall to the blades of unknown assassins. Then come the midnight arrests and purges. Supposedly they will be released after ‘vigorous interrogation to determine the nature of their guilt’, they are never heard from afterward. Everyone from bakers to high lords and ladies are made to disappear. 

Even the Archbishop Tedron senior administrator of the Gods Ward, elected and anointed by the council of all faiths is not safe. The kings chosen enforcers cut down his personal guard and hall him screaming from his carriage in broad day light, on a crowded boulevard. The council sends of letter of censure, roughly equivalent to catholic excommunication, declaring his actions anathema, and demanding Tedron’s safe return. Leopold is to far gone for a paper shield to be effective and has Tedron publicly beheaded the next day. Everything explodes simultaneously with two final sparks.

“Leopold promised his dying father that he would always look after his nephew crown prince Aldric. His father had just died in border campaign, a flu took his mother several years before. The boy is now seventeen, possessed of a sweet and gentle nature, he is fond of music and the theater. Aldric is the heartthrob of youths of all genders across the city and is constantly surrounded by admires. Naïve, sheltered, but extremely compassionate, the prince was surprisingly not afraid of getting dirty. It caused quite a stir when he was seen bathing patients and changing bed pans in the charity wards of several local hospitals.”

“Even the most radical antimonarchists seem to genuinely like him and he is popular throughout the country. Many hope that he can stop the madness. The boy and his uncle get into several heated arguments. Finally, one-day Aldric makes a serious error. Aldric and his uncle are having their final argument. Sensing a call to heroic action, filled with the brashness of youth and righteous anger; Aldric makes his move.”

“Guards my uncle is no longer fit to hold the throne. You see yourselves that every day he becomes increasingly volatile and unmoored. By my right as crown prince and in the name of the holy Archangel Zariel and all the gods I command you to seize and detain him till a convention of succession can be called!”

“You dare challenge me?!! YOU INSOLENT GOATFUCKING FOP!!!!”

“In a fit of furious anger King Leopold X tosses his nephew from a fifth-floor balcony onto the harbor breakwater below. From this day forward, he will be known as Leopold the Forsworn and Forsaken. This is the penultimate spark.”

“The final occurs mere hours later. Still seething with white hot fury. He lashes out at one of his fiercest critics. The woman known simply as Kendra. She is a mystic, a philosopher, and is considered to be the living spiritual heart of Zeramar. An advocate for the downtrodden she works tirelessly to better the fortune of those left behind by Zeramar’s progress. Her poetry is well known to bring even hardened cynics to tears. She has written numerous treaties critical of the monarchy.

For this Leopold has her dragged from her house into the palace square. She is stripped, beaten, flogged, and crucified. When dozens rush to her aid the guards open fire. Word spreads like wildfire and within hours people are taking to the streets holding candles and banners/placards with her image, calling for the king’s removal. The council declares her a martyr and publicly denounces the king. A national strike is called. Compounding the error, he orders the protests broken up by any means necessary. There is a scuffle, shots ring out, and the rioting starts. Within a week all of Zeramar is embroiled in civil war.”

*121*2018-01-14 16:45

“The country is divided between the Royalists and a coalition made up of the Free Zeramar faction, who want to end the monarchy, and the Order of Saint Kendra who want to see princess Andrea on the throne. She was spirited to safety at the outbreak of hostilities. The fighting is fierce and bloody as battle after battle rocks the country. This will be the first war to see the widespread use of cap-lock rifles and modern battle mage corps with heavy use of artificer devices. 

When combined with outdated line and volley tactics the results were even more catastrophic then they were for late 18th and mid-19th century earth. Tens of thousands died in the opening engagements. But Leopold had sealed his own doom even if he refused to admit it. At the start of the conflict he only had the support of a quarter of the population. The rebels didn’t have a trained army, but their ranks swelled with volunteers. Lashing out at the Council of all Faiths, murdering Kendra and prince Aldric had all been crucial strategic errors.”

“Many staunch conservatives who would have never even have considered insurrection against the crown now marched on the capital with old hunting muskets, farm tools, and sabers. Carrying banners with the martyr’s and the murdered prince’s visages, all ready to die for princess Andrea and Zeramar. Their battle cry was for Saint Kendra and Aldric the true king. Meanwhile youth brigades of republicanist or early protocommunist bent charged out of the cafes and universities and into the streets. 

They attacked army convoys with rocks, pistols, molotovs and pipe bombs. Now was the time to rise and they would see the birth of a new nation, a new birth of freedom. Even if the price must be their lives. They charge forward fearless with cries of revolution victorious on their lips. Outraged by the purges aristocratic families who had supported the crown for centuries now used their fortunes as a war chest. When combined with the thousands of donations pouring in and the support of the new industrialist class it allowed the rebels to hire dozens of free companies to stiffen their ranks and train the raw volunteers streaming in by the thousands. Even the navy effectively declares neutrality, stating that they will stand down active operations until a convention of succession is called.”

*123*2018-01-14 18:34

“Enraged by this act of mass mutiny Leopold calls for all the naval senior staff to stand before him and face court martial. They decline to appear. With his entire navy now effectively a.w.o.l and his forces taking heavy casualties Leopold was becoming increasingly desperate. He started approaching the kinds of off world arms dealers that make their living catering to the needs of petty backwater tyrants. As well as the less scrupulous mercenary companies. From them he was able to acquire magrifles, beam weapons, heavy support magguns, shoulder launchers, and plasma cannons. They were even able to provide him with an armored company’s worth of tanks and fighting vehicles. Factory fresh from Tydon Heavy Industries. To pay for this he began a program of asset seizure that cost him even more support.”

“These new terror weapons were first deployed to destroy the rebel supply depot at Greenford. Located at the confluence of a tributary of the Zeramar and the Silver Highway rivers, it had only been known for two things before this, picturesque countryside and shipping warehouses. The battle would be over in less than day; 22,335 died on the rebel side; 7,382 on the royalist. This battle also saw the death of the silver dragon Jadel an ancient archmage 4,382 years old who had sided with the rebels. Jadel managed to take a good chunk of Leopolds armored forces with them however when in an act final vengeance, they scorched the planes with an entropy curse that had the force of a ten-kiloton yield tactical nuke.”

*125*2018-01-17 03:04

“The rebels would respond with the creation of the spell guns and the crystal lances. Massive siege and artillery support weapons that fling explosive shells dozens of kilometers or fire searing beaming of light respectively. After six months entire divisions began to defect to the rebel cause. Even one of the elite crews of the Tydon MBTs changed sides, taking the state of the art war machine with them. This was especially humiliating for King Leopold. 

The navy now declares for the rebels and blockades the capital. By the end of the year the capital is under siege and an increasingly desperate king hides in his bunker. Completely lost to all reason he has partnered with a group that unknown to him are actually necromancers. One of countless such groups of opportunistic sociopaths scattered throughout the multiverse they consider Nyarlathotep to be their model and wish to attract its attention. Unlike ninety percent of such groups which never move past garden variety serial killer status this one is a global scale threat.”

“In addition to their leader possessing archmage level thaumaturgical skill they also had off world scientists with advanced knowledge of bioengineering and genetics. They had been harnessing the massive energy unleashed by the conflict in the hopes of attracting the interest of the Crawling Chaos. Now they prepared to complete the ritual by unleashing one final horror. “The Red Horseman” an engineered strain of fleshing eating bacteria that worked fast enough for the effects to be seen in real time and that caused massive internal bleeding. It had a ninety-seven percent mortality rate and was resistant to both conventional antibiotics and magical healing. Even nanites and med-engineered bacteria/phages could only stop it in sixty percent of cases. All that was needed was to give Leopold a couple preloaded shells and promise him victory.”

*127*2018-01-17 05:23

"Woah Woah hold on! Back the hell up! Nyarlathotep?!!! That’s fucking Lovecraft shit!!! Are you telling me that’s real?!!!”

“Yes Bri, unfortunately it is.”

“But how?”

“Most scholars of the multiverse believe that everything is ultimately energy/information. People, objects, even entire universes have a pattern that repeats and ‘echoes’ for lack of a better term. Most often resulting in minor variations rather than exact copies. Everything that was, is or, will be; it exists in a swirling entropic maelstrom endlessly being created and destroyed. All of space all of time is it.”

“So, it’s like what a mash up the Hindu world soul and Plato’s forms?”

“That relatively close all though nobody understands it’s completely, I don’t think that even the ‘gods’ do.” Gwen is smiling with a distinctly maternal looking pride at Bri’s quick response. “H.P. was a flaming racist asshole but he was also most likely a sensitive as well, able to tap into what one could call the collective unconscious, gestalt mind, or world of forms. That is the underlying dimensions closest to the chaotic heart of the multiverse.”

Bri looks unsteady almost grey. “You Okay sweetheart?”

“Yeah I just got pimp smacked upside the head with a big o’ll stick of cosmic understanding. I just need a minute and…” Gwen shotguns the last of her stout slamming the glass down “Probably something stronger…” Gwen looks concerned but nods at Renny who looks over at her before speaking “I’ll get the 182”

“182?”

“Our battalions custom reserve.” Renny plonks down a bottle of something clear in front of Bri. Its label is a simply a unit badge with 182 above it in big bold gold letters. Renny pours a shot. Which Bri knocks back in five seconds before slamming the glass down. The fiery burn scorches her throat. “Dam that’s like best vodka on top of best breakfast!”

“I’m good now, thanks Renny!” Renny simply beams. The ritual more than anything seems to have steadied Bri. “So are there others?”

“Countless, all brilliant, mostly creative types. L. Frank Baum was thought to have had visions of the Fey Lands. Some believe that Lewis Carol actually recorded the visions of a girl with similar abilities.”

“Okay so mind still being blown.”

“Ready to get back to the history lesson?”

“Yeah although I’m not sure necromancers providing Louie the 14th meets Dr. No with a bioweapon is any less of a mind fuck.” Every one at the table can’t help laughing at this latest bit of snark.

