Flow+ Premium

Author: lolol45

*000*2023-09-16 20:31

Hey all, this is my first story on here - I've been writing these for years but never posted. I have a few of them backed up and will probably drop them all in here in the next few days, and just delete them if it doesn't go well.

For a first story, this one is pretty far off the rails. Heavily influenced by Infinite Jest (almost called this story Infinite Desp lol), it's set in a near future with dystopic hypercapitalist vibes - AI implants, invasive advertising, pervasive loneliness, climate change, etc. Anyway, here goes nothing - open to feedback from the many great writers on here.

###

"Congratulations to the 2083 Met Life Kraft-Heinz New York Yankees on their win tonight, brought to you by JP Morgan Prixe-Rite subprime mortgage securities!"

Megan's ocular implants lit up as she looked across the stadium, creating for her and all others watching a 75-foot Aaron Judge (in his prime, they must have taken the reference footage for the AI model 50 years ago) who smiled and waved at the crowd from the middle of the diamond at Yankee Stadium, and then spoke in a booming voice that blared both through the speakers and their personal auditory interfaces.

“Thank you all for being here tonight! Go Yankees and always remember to use the fresh scented Crest Ultra White strips!”

The monolithic hologram faded out, and Megan turned back to her friend Clara in their very real bleacher seats.

“This was amazing, I’ve never attended a physical baseball game before! I'd only heard stories from my grandparents. Crazy they’ve kept this old school stadium standing for this long.” Clara downed the last of her beer and began to stand.

"I mean not really standing - they had to move it to the Pennsylvania waterfront after the original Manhattan flooded obviously. I did a VR scuba diving tour of original Manhattan the other day, highly recommend."

Megan agreed, her head nodding and shaking her blonde curls. “Sounds super cool. Hey, can we head to the bathroom before we head out?"

"Sure, I have to go too." Clara agreed.

Megan followed her friend, holding her hand to keep close. When was the last time they'd seen each other in person? When was the last time she'd seen any of her friends in person, truly? It was getting harder to distinguish between her online VR worlds and in-person experiences at this point. But physically seeing Clara felt right - not to mention she looked amazing tonight. Megan allowed her vision to rest on the swing of Clara's hips and shapely butt in her tight jeans as they weaved through the crowed together, enjoying the warmth of her hand, remembering what it felt like to touch her so many years ago. Part of her had never gotten over Clara since the "thing" they had back in college…was it even a thing? Would Clara still even remember, or care? It had been so long since she actually touched someone…

The pair wound their way through the stadium, a sea of holograms and assisted-reality advertisements from a hundred different vendors assailing their senses, beamed from the cloud directly into their eyes and ears.

At the bathroom, a line snaked its way out the door. As expected.

Truth be told, Megan had needed to pee badly for the last 3 innings, and had been making a valiant effort to retain her composure in front of her friend. She wasn't used to in-person events; nobody was these days. She could always just pee at home during every other VR concert and game! If that even happened - bio-enhanced organic systems everyone had installed these days meant she had tremendous holding capacity, usually needing to pee once a day at most. She certainly hadn't even thought about it before coming here.

Meg turned to her long-time friend.

"Ugh, this line. I really have to go…"

"Yeah, me too. Those beers were insane - have you ever even seen ones like that?" Clara was subtly tapping her sandal on the concrete.

Meg shifted her weight from one foot to the other at the end of the line. "So remember how NYC put those regulations in place during the Ocasio-Cortez administration, where it's illegal to have more than like 1 unit of alcohol in a single drink? Apparently the Yankees lobbied for some loophole where they can sell "historical reenactment" beers from the size they had in the 2020s."|

"Great way to sell a 30oz Coors Lite for $59!" Clara laughed nervously, obviously trying to distract herself.

"Hah, true. But did we really have to have 3 each??"

"Well I didn't regret it until now…"

Megan's ocular interface lit up with a new notification.

"Hey bestie?"

It was the voice of Aileen, the omnipresent AI companion automatically installed in billions of humans' neural implants when the Meta-Perdue merger completed in 2076.

I thought I told you not to call me that. Megan aimed her thoughts at the little avatar in the corner of her vision, in her case a spritely young woman algorithmically designed to elicit feelings of friendship based on her psych profile. She felt no such warm fuzzies right now.

"Understood. Ok, so. Warning. You probably noticed, but you'll need to pee soon. Here are your current stats brought to you by Pfizer: Urinary bladder approaching capacity limit. 11.3% capacity remaining. Current retained volume, 2,721 milliliters. Estimated time to maximum fullness, 21 minutes."

Yeah, I noticed. Megan shot back to the interface in her thoughts, brushing the block of written stats off her vision. Actually, have I even peed at all today?

"You have not urinated since 7:06pm yesterday evening. Roughly 27 hours. Significantly longer than your average interval of 19h 7m."

Damn. Ok. But we're gonna be in this line for a while, like probably more than 21 minutes. Can you do anything about it?

“Capacity increase firmware upgrades are available in the Pfizer App Store. You're already on a Silver tier organ subscription with 3,000ml recommended capacity - upgrade your subscription to the Gold plan for this organ for an additional 11,500 credits per month?”

More than my entire weekly UBI salary, got it. Obviously not. Thanks. You've been a huge help.

"Of course, bestie."

The line crawled, and as over 15 minutes passed Megan watched the remaining space in her bladder, expressed as a battery-like bar at the bottom right corner of her vision, decrease steadily. This had escalated to full-scale desperation, and quickly. The organ upgrades she'd gotten were a hell of a lot better than the old days - at 3 liters capacity it was super rare she, or anyone, ever got caught short anymore. But now she could hardly stand still, crossing and recrossing her legs furiously, doing her best not to hold her crotch in front of the huge crowd of women.

"Warning: Urinary bladder approaching capacity limit. 2.1% capacity remaining. Current retained volume, 2,937 milliliters. Estimated time to maximum fullness, 3 minutes."

Make it stop! Am I allowed to like, shut down my kidneys for like 5 minutes or like lock my bladder or something? She asked the AI frantically, only half-joking.

"Hm…I certainly could, given my law enforcement protocols can terminate any of your major biological or neural systems instantly upon police order. But obviously I don't have one of those orders right now. Do you want me to request a warrant from the NYPD to shut down your vital organs? They are extremely easy to obtain, they seem to love giving them out. However just as a warning, this would carry a high risk of mortality."

What? Jesus Christ, you can really do that? No!

"Ok, understood. As you were. Maximum fullness in 2 minutes, 30 seconds."

I know, I know. God damn it.

"Hey Clar?"

"Yeah Meg?"

"Would you mind… if I went ahead of you?"

Meg saw a flash of worry dart across Clara's eyes - or was that excitement? - before she snapped out of it and acquiesced. "Sure, if you really have to go. Just keep it quick! I just got this thing installed, let's check my numbers… Ok yeah I'm at like 80%. You?"

"99%!"

"Wow ok yeah. Go ahead!"

"Thanks, Clar." She gave her friend's hand another squeeze in gratitude as she moved nervously in front of her friend, now mercifully at the front of the line.

Another 2 minutes passed, and Megan was seriously worried about reaching her limit, doing everything she could to execute a full-on pee dance as subtly as possible. Finally, with moments to spare, the woman in the stall in front of her exited, the door automatically closing behind her.

Rushing to the door, she ripped open the top button of her jeans with one hand and yanked the handle with the other.

Finally! But to her horror, the door didn't budge. She yanked again, harder. Nothing.

What?? Open!

An AR screen sparked into existence on the front of the stall door- a boxy error warning.

A salesy male voice piped into her ears, reading aloud the huge block letters now superimposed on the front of the stall: "Welcome to Yankee Stadium! This restroom is for Yankee Flow+ Premium Subscribers only. To enter, please upgrade your subscription to Yankee Flow+ Premium, or visit the free-to-use facilities on the basement floor."

Jesus fucking christ. Fine. Upgrade!

Hopping back and forth and grinding her thighs together with as much composure as she could muster, Megan watched the clunky user interface process her credit card information, run a background credit score check, and intake her biometric profile info.

Behind her, another woman, openly holding herself, called out in frustration - "Could you hurry up!? Some of us really have to go!"

"I'm trying!!"

Hurry the fuck up, she implored the AI systems.

"Payment accepted. Thank you for joining Yankees Flow+ Premium."

To her immense relief, the door opened. At the mere sight of the toilet, her body released a huge spurt of pee into her underwear that flooded her crotch with warmth - the bladder meter inched upward the tiniest amount. Less than 1% remaining capacity. Thank god, she was going to make it just in time!

Rushing into the stall and slamming the door shut, she pulled down her jeans and panties to just above her knees, now in the floor-to-ceiling stall free to pee dance frantically.

Desperate, half naked, and ready to pee, Megan yanked on the closed lid.

It was locked closed!

Over the toilet, a new screen appeared: "Thanks for being a Yankees Flow+ Premium Subscriber. Before using the facilities, a quick word from our sponsors!"

To Megan's absolute astonishment, she watched 3 pre-roll ads appear on the screen in front of her, 30 seconds each.

Aileen popped up, superimposed as if standing on the toilet paper dispenser: "Hey Megan, another warning: Maximum capacity has been reached. Your bladder will automatically void in 10 seconds."

Override! She gritted her teeth.

"Ok, but just as a warning you don't get an unlimited number of those. Override accepted. Voiding in 90 seconds."

Megan found herself in an incredible state: her jeans and underwear pulled over her butt and halfway down her thighs, gripping her neatly shaved pussy tightly with two hands, bending and stepping and dancing in place in front of the locked toilet as the ads crept by.

The crawling medical ads were a horrible blur, interminable. She could barely see straight through the intensity of her desperation.

Aileen chimed incessantly: "Maximum bladder capacity exceeded. Current retained volume 102% of established maximum capacity. New maximum retained volume reached. Maximum available volume metric will be updated: 3,060 ml. This will represent 100% available retained volume moving forward."

Wait, wait, wait. Aileen, are you saying this is literally the most I've ever held before in my entire life? She winced as another wave hit her, the flood just beneath her fingertips. Two ads down, one to go.

"Correct, this is the most you have ever held. Would you like to view your historical lifetime urination records?"

No. Please. I will piss myself if you show me that. Do not show me stats or videos of me peeing. Please do not do that.

"Yes? Ok! Pulling up the statistics and ocular footage."

Her eyesight suddenly filled with a mosaic of twenty or more videos, ocular memory recordings filmed through her own eyes, of all the most desperate moments of her adult life, each with accompanying bladder gauges and stats. In each one she gripped her crotch for dear life, glanced around frantically for a place to pee, or watched between her legs as huge desperate streams of pee surged out her body into various toilets, forests, parking lots, alleyways, containers, pants, dresses, swimsuits, and underwear.

In real life she hopped in place miserably, her fingers wet, now barely able to see if the still-running ads in front of her were even done yet to let her finally pee.

Make it stop…

"Glad you're enjoying your footage! Here are your historical statistics. Before today, the furthest past your limit you've ever gone - your largest retained volume expressed as a percentage of total available capacity- was from before your biometric enhancements, in February 2079 when you reached 117% of your natural bladder capacity and urinated 1,634ml into a storm drain off Bourbon Street in New Orleans during Mardi Gras. You have no active memory of this due to alcohol consumption, but here's the ocular footage at the top right of your screen.

Before that, your largest one-time voided volume was 1,462ml during your 2077 road trip to Vermont, behind a blue spruce tree off Interstate 89, seen here at top center. This would have been your largest single voided amount of all time had you not lost 13% into your pants in the passenger seat 11 minutes beforehand, shown below. Since your enhancements, your maximum held volume was 2,815ml after the Taylor Swift 50-Year Reunion concert when the Brooklyn-bound L train was seriously delayed underground. As you know, this resulted in another incident of public urination which affected nearly 50 square feet of a Bushwick sidewalk, shown at bottom left, from which your social credit score has yet to recover. Previous to that, in 2071 when your college sexual partner Clara requested that you hold it for as long as you could and urinate on her…"

Stop reminding me of all the times I had to pee!!

"I'm just answering your questions, Meg."

Make the videos go away before I piss myself!

The videos snapped out of existence, and to her delight she saw that the ads had just now finished, and the lid was automatically lifting.

Thank god!

Before the lid was even all the way open, she heaved herself onto the seat, sighing in relief at even the proximity to release.

She sat for a moment, eyes closed, relaxed, awaiting the familiar bursting of floodgates and hissing sound. But nothing happened. Her muscles suddenly felt locked, numb, immovable. She pushed, but all that did was spike the pressure in her bladder to unbearable levels. She gasped. Nothing! After all that, the system still wasn't letting her pee! Bouncing her feet on the tiled floor in utmost desperation, she whined in frustration.

Aileen, what the FUCK!?

"One moment. So sorry bestie. I believe there's been an organ-appliance integration error."

Integration error?? Let me fucking pee!

"Investigating."

Squirming miserably on the seat, Megan couldn't believe her misfortune, watching the spinning loading icon at the forefront of her vision rotate lazily. Two hands buried in her naked crotch, doubled over on the toilet, her long curly hair cascading over her frantically bouncing knees.

"Megan, I can confirm now that there is an integration error. Your Pfizer organ system firmware is not compatible with this appliance. Remember when you told me to skip that mandatory upgrade last week? To use this or any toilet, you'll need to upgrade your firmware via your embedded UpLink device. File size: 6.2TB - estimated installation time 6 hours."

What?! No, you just told me I'm literally the most desperate I've been in my entire life, you know I absolutely need to pee right now!!

"Upgrade, or cancel session?"

Can I pee without upgrading?

"No alternative options are currently available."

No, no, no, you have to help!

"Your maximum allotted time using this appliance has been exceeded. Session canceled."

A new screen appeared on the inside of the stall door. "Thank you for using Yankee Flow+ Premium. Please exit and follow the lighted signs. Door opening in 5. 4. 3. 2.."

"Shit!" She yelped out loud, just barely yanking up her pants over her bulging bladder before the door popped open.

Clara waited just outside, her face turning to bewilderment upon seeing Megan's devastated state.

"Meg, are you ok?"

"No. I'm not ok. We need to go. Now."

"Can you wait? I really, really have to pee…"

"Clara. No. we need to go. Right now." She yanked her friend by the hand, pulling her out of line. Clara whined in protest, stealing a quick grab at her crotch.

Sensors in Megan's vision now blared constantly, the maximum retained volume reaching adjusting itself a new historic maximum every few seconds. "Current retained volume 125% of historic maximum. New 100% set. Bladder capacity past maximum. Voiding in 10 seconds. "

Override. Override. Override!!

"Override accepted. 2 remaining overrides today."

Fuck, fuck, fuck.

"Meg, what happened in there?" Clara asked.

"The Pfizer integration didn't work. It didn't let me pee. I feel like I'm going to explode." Megan could barely look at her friend as she pulled her by the hand down the crowded ramps and stairs of the stadium, sweating, jeans still unbuttoned under her baggy Yankees jersey, tight around her enormously bulging bladder.

The labyrinth of massive hallways and staircases was jam packed with humanity, and exodus to the bottom floor took them another agonizing 15 minutes. Sweat stood out on Megan's forehead. Clara was now visibly desperate too, and Meg was down to her last override.

Finally, the ground floor. Megan saw her last hope extinguished: they passed the line for the free bathrooms where there must have been a hundred women in various states of urgency. Absolutely not an option. They rushed past toward the exit.

Megan’s metrics spiraled upward faster than ever before, climbing past 136% as they hustled past the door of the bathroom.

"Megan, you are nearly exceeding medically advisable limits for your bladder."

Shut the fuck up Aileen!

Clara tried to be helpful. "Can you update your firmware to get more capacity? I had to do that once in an emergency." They reached the chaotic parking lot, a coral reef of swarming ads and holograms from bootleg vendors.

"Aileen says the upgrade would take 6 hours. I think I would physically explode before that. We have to get out of here."

Clara now had one hand glued into her crotch - the beers must be really catching up to her too, Megan thought.

"Can we maybe find a place to pee in an alley or behind the stadium or something? My meter is at like 5% remaining," Clara whined.

"No fucking way - the law enforcement override would lock our bladders if we tried to pop a squat in public, or worse, call the drone cops on us."

Right, Aileen?

"Correct - penalties for public urination can exceed 50,000 credits in New York City, or a night in state confinement."

Megan pulled up the rideshare app on her phone and called a self-driving vehicle, which appeared 3 torturous minutes later. Another enormous spurt exited her body involuntarily.

"How far is your apartment?" Clara asked.

"Maybe like 15 minutes."

"But I'm at 98%, I can't hold it!" Clara exclaimed.

"Clara, trust me. I'm holding on as hard as I can, manually. If I had let my software do what it wanted I would have wet myself 35 minutes ago. I'm literally at 145% right now. We just have to try."

Clara went silent at the unfathomably high statistic, and her eyes went wide as they flitted down to see her friend's distended abdomen.

All of Megan's sirens were blaring at her as the pair heaped into the driverless spherical pod, barely wide enough for both their hips.

Aileen's omnipresent voice popped into Megan's churning consciousness yet again. "Your maximum allowable capacity increase has been reached. Pfizer warranty-mandated non-overridable voiding will begin in 90 seconds. Failure to comply with mandatory voiding could result in negative impacts to your social credit score and health insurance."

NO! We'll be home in 15 minutes! I have one more override, please let me use it, please!!

"Megan, I am not authorized to do that. Maximum capacity exceeded. 150% capacity. Volume retained 4,500ml. Override denied. Voiding in 20 seconds."

Aileen, I *need* you to override this. You can't let this happen!

"Megan, you've exceeded the medically allowable limits for your system and risk voiding the warranty on your installed hardware. Override denied."

Fuck!

The car doors closed behind them, instantly silencing the chaotic noise of the stadium, and they found themselves cramped into the all-white synthetic and glass interior of the tiny steering-wheel-free pod, which whirred to life and began lurching them into traffic. The front windshield, a single panel of glass, lit up with a barrage of AR ads.

"Clara, I have some bad news. It's not going to let me override anymore." Her bladder was unbearable now, throbbing with every heartbeat, expanded unimaginably past its limits, bulging against her waistband even with her pants widely unbuttoned, the elastic of her underwear digging into her stretched skin.

"What do you mean??" Clara was now openly holding herself.

"I mean it's saying it's going to make me pee in the next 20 seconds no matter what," Megan admitted miserably, both hands buried into her crotch inside her unzipped jeans. "I'm fighting it as hard as I can right now but it's going to manually override and force me to pee."

"Is that allowed in a car? What happens if you do that?"

"How should I know! Who's gonna win, Uber or Pfizer? We're about to find out!"

The blaring notifications in her vision ticked down toward zero, completely beyond her control.

"10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5…"

"Clara, I'm sorry…."

There was no time left. In a flash, she pulled both her shoes off and barked a command at the pod itself.

"Car! Lights down, one-way glass on!"

The car's overhead lights darkened, leaving only the glow of the 50+ advertisements across the face of the windshield, and the glass clouded - they could see out, but nobody could see in.

Now in relative privacy but for Clara, Megan tore at her pants, pulling them over her hips and butt with one hand, still holding her pussy fiercely with the other so she didn't pee uncontrollably before her pants were out of the way.

"4, 3,…"

To her right, she saw Clara look away, noticing that she too was now unbuttoning her jeans. But Megan was too distracted to focus on that right now.

"Voiding in 2 seconds…."

She needed both hands. She ripped down her pants at the expense of giving up her grip on her pussy, losing a huge spurt.

"1 second…."

One leg now fully out of her jeans and panties, now the other, pussy leaking uncontrollably onto the seat…

"Voiding. "

With milliseconds to spare she pulled her knees up to her chest and exploded. An absolute flood burst from her, jetting out of her body at unbelievable pressure and splashing powerfully against the glass wall of blinking ads.

"Voiding in progress. "

She hiked her feet up onto glass wall of the pod and emitted a deep groan of relief, her fully removed jeans in a bunch next to her on the edge of the seat.

The pressure inside her was still almost unbearable as she watched the numbers tick down to 145%. She bore down, eyes closed, pissing even harder.

To her right, Clara's voice, almost imperceptible under her breath: oh, my god.

Opening her eyes to look over Megan was met with a shocking sight: Clara's bare ass and pussy, gushing piss onto the floor, at eye level with her no more than two feet away. Clara had taken her pants completely off and was crouching under the low ceiling in an awkward half-standing squat, turned away from Megan with one knee on the seat and the other foot on the floor.

Megan couldn't help staring between her friend's legs, mesmerized. Light from the video wall glowed between Clara's parted legs, illuminating her pulsing stream with otherworldly colors. Quivering droplets of piss on her smooth pussy and inner thighs sparkled in dreamlike hues.

"You had better not be looking right now." Clara's voice was muffled against the glass.

"I'm not!" Megan lied, and blinked twice, bookmarking the optical video-memory for later. It took everything in her to not reach out and touch her.

The car whipped along, throngs of fans and cars outside oblivious to the incredible scene unfolding within.

Nearly a minute passed by, but Megan had barely dropped to 115%. Despite her thundering piss, Megan's bladder still felt fuller than ever before - and her interface confirmed that indeed it still was.

Clara's bladder gently emptied to a trickle, and she gingerly climbed back into the seat and sat exhausted, not even bothering to replace her pants yet.

"Oh, my, god…." Clara exhaled. "I feel so much better. You were at 145%!?" Clara hesitated for a second, then rested her hand on Megan's thigh. "I can't even imagine how you must feel right now."

Megan looked over at her friend, and placed her hand over hers, feeling their combined warmth on her bare skin. Still hugging her knees to her chest and pissing with unfathomable force, and said, "Want to know something wild?"

"What?"

"I still have to piss *so fucking badly* right now."

Clara couldn't help but release a laugh - absurd, shocking, impossible. Megan laughed too, sending her incredible stream shaking chaotically against the glass.

It was true - the screen confirmed she still held more than 3,000ml inside her. But the insane pressure was starting to ease, and a huge, pleasurable feeling of relief was starting to well up from deep within her.

"You're not kidding - look at your bladder still!"

Before she could think, Megan pulled Clara's hand over from her thigh to her still-bulging bladder, allowed her to feel the tautness of her skin, its pressure as it slowly relaxed with each rising and falling breath.

"Wow…"

"If I remember from college, you, uh… don't really mind watching this, do you?"

Clara dropped her gaze, blushing. "I mean, it's. You know."

"Clara. It's ok. I… I like when you look. You know I was watching you too just now, right?"

"Yeah," she smiled. "Yeah, I know."

Two minutes passed - not a word spoken between them in the hermetically sealed silence of the pod, only the deafening hiss and percussion of Megan's never ending stream against the glass and her deepening sighs.

Aileen chimed in again: "Safe limits reached. Retained volume 99%. Recommended option to cease urination until you reach a legally sanctioned receptacle."

Fuck off, Aileen.

Instead of stopping, Megan bore down on her stream anew, sending it even higher onto the wall, her piss cascading over the faces and logos of the incessant advertisements. The backs of her thighs and calves were soaked with ricochet.

The car finally realized what was happening, and Aileen delivered the news. "Public urination detected. 10,000 social credits will be deducted for each of you. Your Uber memberships will be permanently canceled. Pfizer organ misuse penalties may apply…'

Megan was past caring, still peeing for all she was worth, waves of blissful relief now radiating from her bladder and pussy and coursing throughout her entire body.

Looking back at Clara, she caught her friend staring.

"Hey. Now you're the one looking."

"I just…can't believe how much you're still peeing." Clara's hand rubbed gently.

Megan caught her eyes, held them. Tenderly grasping Clara's hand, she moved it just a bit further down, just above the roaring stream to where it was soft and wet and warm. "Remember how we used to…..?"

Clara knew what to do.

Feeling her touch, Megan moaned and her head lolled back toward the glass ceiling, eyes closed, LED glow flickering across her face, the torrent ceaseless, the relief and pleasure mounting toward overwhelming peaks.

Hey Aileen? Megan thought between heaving breaths.

"Yes, Megan."

Shut down for 15 minutes.

*_*_*_**_*_

Epilogue:

99.1%.

99.2%.

99.3%

5:13am, next morning. Megan watched the slowly climbing numbers in her vision.

Why on earth would they make it so you can't pee during the bladder upgrade??

After the evening's events, Megan was determined for that to never happen again. Back in her own bathroom, her piss-soaked jeans strewn on the floor, relaxing in a searing-hot shower, she'd issued the verbal command to begin the massively expensive upgrade.

6 hours should be no problem while she slept, right? But she'd underestimated the lingering diuretic effects of the night's heavy drinking, and had been woken up by her second brutally full bladder of the night.

Now naked in her bed, her sheets were strewn messily about from an hour's worth of tossing and turning as she struggled to find a comfortable position.

99.9%...

Almost there. She stood up, groaning with the redoubled pressure from gravity, and hobbled across her bedroom to the bathroom, rubbing her swollen abdomen.

"Upgrade complete."

Finally. She sat…. She took a deep breath…. now in the safety of her own bathroom, she was going to savor this one.

God, this is going to feel good.

She began to breathe out, but her breath caught in her throat.

No. Fucking. Way.

"Hey bestie?…."

WHAT.

"So, the NYC behavioral regulatory body has ruled that given last night's public urination episode your bathroom access will be restricted. You are not able to use this or any appliance until their behavioral restriction has been lifted."

What????!

"Bathroom access will be re-instated at 12am midnight EST tonight. Current retained volume: 99%."

*004*2023-09-18 19:05

@WiiGuy86

Thanks, glad you liked it ! I've been a fan of your stories for a long time so much appreciated.

