Trick or Treat Part 2

Author: LifeIsStrange

*000*2020-08-05 02:10

So many years ago author Bes31 wrote this great story called Trick or Treat where anyone could add chapters to it, unfortunately due to lack of responses it got archived, so I decided to create this new thread to make a new chapter of my own(and I have Bes31's permission to do so) for that story and like Bes, i'm going to allow anyone to create new chapters for this story so long as they continue where the previous one left off.

Here is the original story: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/17715-trick-or-treat/

Sylvia was getting frantic with desperation at this point, she was locked in a bedroom and she was going to soak her silk-white panties if she didn't go soon. She was pissed at Jennifer for doing this to her and pissed at herself for falling for such an obvious ploy by accepting the invitation to the party in the first place. While looking around the bedroom she had a realization-this was Jennifer's parents bedroom, perhaps if she peed in here, she could get Jennifer in trouble with her parents and pay her back for tricking her like this.

She yanked off her skirt and panties and grabbed a sexy pair of satin sleep shorts from the dresser drawer, pulled them on marveling at how good they felt(and making a mental note to buy a pair for herself) got on the bed and relaxed and finally pissed a glorious release. It felt so good to finally empty her overfilled bladder, almost orgasmic, suddenly Sylvia unconsciously started rubbing her crotch while her piss continued streaming out of her and flooded her shorts and the bed, soon she felt a pleasurable sensation building and building until she had an explosion of the most intense pleasure she'd ever known.

When she finally came down and her bladder finally ran dry, Sylvia was out of breath like she'd just ran a marathon, until today she'd never known how much she'd enjoyed having a full bladder and wetting herself, she was actually starting to be glad Jennifer had tricked her as she never would've discovered this amazing fetish otherwise, she then peeled off the sodden shorts and sniffed and licked them and she felt herself get turned on again. She then decided to take another look through the dresser was stunned to find a vibrator and a dildo as well, she also found some lube, which she used on her fingers and then used said fingers to slowly tease her asshole and got it to open up, she then shoved the dildo up her ass and cranked the vibrator to maximum and shoved it up her sopping went cunt, swooning with pleasure she she was hit with multiple orgasms.

Meanwhile Jennifer had noticed that Lisa was desperate, between this and Sylvia no doubt peeing her panties full force right now it was like a dream come true, she then grabbed Lisa close and whispered into her ear "gotta pee huh?", Lisa blushed in embarassment and tried to go off but Jennifer wouldn't let her saying "nuh uh, I want to see you wet yourself" and then stunned Lisa by full-on kissing her with lots of tongue, Lisa was surprised as she had no idea Jennifer had harbored feelings for her like that, but she found herself liking it, suddenly relieving herself didn't seem so important. Jennifer then dragged her ironically into a bathroom but had no plans to let Lisa use the toilet, instead dragging Lisa into the shower, she then pulled up Lisa's tank top and starting sucking at and licking her breasts.

Lisa moaned with pleasure, rubbing her crotch through her tight leather shorts, "cmon baby, let it all out" Jennifer said in a hot and sexy voice straight out of a lesbian porno. Lisa couldn't hold back anymore, groaning and finally letting the floodgates open, resulting in an ocean of pee soaking her shorts, Jennifer slid her fingers up her tights rubbing Lisa's pussy while the flood raged on, Lisa's then hit her peak, crying out in the best orgasm of her young life, Lisa then eagerly returned the favor, yanking down Jennifer's capri pants and boy-shorts and eating her out like a woman possessed, it wasn't long before Jennifer cried out her own release.

Both females were clearly very turned on and in love with one another and wanted to go even further, Jennifer decided to take things to her moms bedroom, wanting to try out her toys(And making sure to wash them afterwards since her mom was super strict about not wanting Jennifer poking around in her room) "let's go let out Sylvia so we can have the room to ourselves" she said, "i'll bet she's soaked herself by now" she remarked with a hearty laugh.

Meanwhile Sylvia had finally come down from her intense orgasms, eagerly licking up her own juices from the vibrator. She then spotted a business card on the nightstand, it belonged to Jennifer's mother Amy; it looked like her mother was a famous porn actress-Crystal Pistol. Jennifer then had a flash and realized she'd masturbated to several porn films starring Crystal(with the porn parody of Friends being her fave), she wondered if Crystal would let her do a movie with her, Sylvia had just turned 18 and had been wondering what career she wanted to choose, her parents had encouraged her to do whatever she wanted, and lesbian porn sure was sounding pretty good right now.

But she still wanted to get payback at Jennifer, so she called her Amy and disguised her voice to sound older, she successfully got her to pick up on the phone, "uh Mrs Stone" Sylvia said in her best impression of a soccer mom, "I just wanted to let you know that their appears to be an unauthorized party at your household".

Meanwhile Amy had just gotten done doing a hot lesbian sex scene for a porn parody of Agents of Shield and was getting ready to head home for the night when she got a call, she realizing number was from her own house! Upon hearing that a house party was going on, she hung up in a fury and immediately left the studio and headed out to her car, she had no doubt her daughter Jennifer was behind this, she'd repeatedly told her "no" to allowing a house party(not even for her 18th birthday), not wanting her own house to get trashed and not wanting to risk liability in case any underage drinking occurred, oh she was going to be giving her daughter a good hard spanking when she got back, and she was going to enjoy every second of it, her crotch tingling at the thought of her spanking her sexy panty-clad daughter's gorgeous tight ass over her knee.

Once Sylvia had hung up, Jennifer hung up the bedside phone and entered Amy's number into her own-cellphone, planning to ask her for an audition, oh man if she could get to do a lesbian scene with her dream lover, it would be an even sweeter revenge against Jennifer. Sylvia then heard footsteps coming, ah Jennifer must be coming to let her out, boy was she in for surprise! Amy then spotted a sexy pair of black lace silk boyshorts in the drawer, unable to resist she slid them up her legs and then closed the drawer, mmmm she was going to enjoy these at home very much.

