Desperate at the party

Author: Leroybeatle2

*000*2022-05-22 16:05

Although the evening was in full swing, he was bored. Certainly he was accompanied by all his friends, the music was good and the alcohol flowed freely, but Justin felt like a kind of emptiness, as if he were alone in this huge house. The evening was a deluge of costumes, colors and wigs, like any good fancy dress party. He himself had opted for a very simple costume: a pirate tunic, a tricorn, an eye patch and high boots. A small plastic sword even sat at his side.

Although not particularly fond of dressing up, he had agreed to go to this evening in order to hope to get out of his depression following his breakup with his ex, two months ago. So he made the effort to come. Especially since living in the same building as the person who organizes the evening (a friend of his best friend), he thinks that the journey would not be too long). He contemplated all the people in costume: devils, policemen, princesses...

His gaze fell on a young dark-haired woman, dressed in a sumptuous period dress, fitted with a skirt full of volume as well as a corset which left her shoulders bare. He found her absolutely beautiful. She also seemed quite reserved, and was talking vaguely with her best friend, who had to flirt heavily with her. Absently, she quickly emptied a huge glass of what appeared to be beer. An idea flashed through Justin's head, that of seeing this young girl's bladder inexorably filling up with urine, due to the effect of the drink. He didn't know why this idea crossed his mind, but he felt a tingle in his lower abdomen. The voice of Fabien, his best friend, pulled him out of his thoughts:

- Hey! Justin come check it out!

He felt his cheeks heat up. Her best friend wasn't flirting with her in reality, he was preparing the ground for her. He saw that the girl in question was staring at him. How beautiful she was! He got up and approached Fabien:

- Dude, I have to introduce you, it's Margaux. She's a friend of my girlfriend, you should talk to her, she's single too.

Exactly what he feared, both feet in the dish.

- Stop Fabien you're heavy....

- Well, I'll let you get to know each other, be wise! he said, giving them a wink.

Fabien got up and went to join his girlfriend on the opposite side of the room. Justin looked into Margaux's eyes, and saw that she was staring at him intently, as if to gauge him.

- I.... Sorry for Fabien, he can be super heavy when he wants.

- No worries, I'm used to it. She answered, with a smile, revealing a magnificent row of teeth surrounded by soft lips sublimated by red. Ba listen as long as you're here, just sit down.

Justin looked at the chair next to her, and saw that her dress was hanging over the next seat. What volume! She seemed to realize this and pulled her back, giving Justin room to sit down.

- Pretty dress, he dared, you're a princess?

- No, in grand siecle costume, Versailles style of Louis XIV. I love this period.

Justin noticed that she had finished her drink and was already starting another. She must have already drunk the equivalent of 50cl of beer, and only since he had arrived. Her hair was tied in an elegant bun on the top of her head. Her bare shoulders gave her a noble look that went perfectly with her outfit. Justi even noticed that she had slightly coated arms, which hinted that she must have had more shape than her corset suggested. Justin was amazed by her beauty.

- And if not, do you know people here? she asked

- Yes especially Fabien in fact, he is my best friend. And you?

- Same. And his girlfriend, Laura. Otherwise nobody. I'm not.... very comfortable around people. She paused for three sips. Anyway, you seem nice.

She gave him a smile that melted Justin. He couldn't shake the idea that all the beer she drank went straight into her bladder. He imagined the journey of the drink, flowing down his esophagus and landing directly in his crotch, which would soon cause him a pressing need. The fact that she was squirming slightly told him that this might already be the case. He decided to go in this direction.

- Sacred descent, he remarked when she put down her 2nd cup, and asked a guest to refill it.

- Yeah I know it's not good, she said with an adorable pout. But when I'm not comfortable it helps me relax.

- But why are you not comfortable?

- I told you, I have trouble with people. I am very reserved as a girl, I find it difficult to communicate easily with people I don't know.

She drank half her glass in one go. The contrast between the sweet young woman in her sumptuous dress and the liters of beer she was drinking was comical.

- However, with me you seem comfortable, tried Justin.

She stared at him again, with an indescribable expression, then shook her glass lightly in his direction.

- You see, it helps. She replied with a smile.

Justin laughed, he liked her. Not only was she beautiful, but he also understood that his drink was starting to have an effect on his body. She squirmed, often changed position, and movements under her loose robes made her understand that she kept crossing and uncrossing her legs. The noise of the friction of the fabric had something terribly erotic.

- And if not, how old are you? she asked

- 26 years old and you ?

- Hula, she laughs, I'm old. She poured herself a fourth glass.

- That is to say ? 30 years ?

- Ha ha no more. she said taking a sip

- 35?

- No, less anyway, I'm 32 years old. She stared at him, waiting for a reaction from him.

- Oh you know, age is in your head. And I assure you, you don't look old at all.

The answer seemed to please her and she laughed heartily. She suddenly stopped in a spasm, and buried her hand in the fabric of her dress, at the level of her crotch.

- What's the matter ? Justin was alarmed

- Nothing, don't worry. It's just the beer. As much as I don't feel the effects of alcohol, my bladder does feel it pass.

These simple sentences gave Justin an instant erection. The idea of seeing this magnificent woman in such a beautiful dress, and in the grip of an urgent desire pleased him.

- But… you know there are toilets here, they are a minimum civilized, he said with a smile.

- I know but it seems that when you drink beer, you have to hold back until the last limit, otherwise after that you will pee every two minutes; And it's okay, I'm still far from my limits.

Justin's heart raced when she added:

- .... I have already experienced much worse...

Justin's erection almost hurt. He wanted her as he had rarely wanted a woman. He imagined the worst she could have known as pressing desire. He got lost in fantasies where Margaux was squirming, waddling, prey to an enormous urge to pee, fantasies where she was desperately looking for a toilet, her bladder swollen from liters of beer. Justin noticed Margaux staring at his crotch, and the thought of her seeing his erection worried him.

- Nice sword, she said

It took him a while to understand that she was talking about his plastic sword, hanging from his belt. He relaxed and the discussion took its course. Justin couldn't help noticing that the young woman simpered with him, charmed him, and seemed herself charmed by his remarks, his witticisms. She was now on her 6th goblet of beer. And she was swaying in rhythm with the music, as if she were dancing, but Justin knew perfectly well that it was due to her desire.

He leaned into her ear and whispered

- How are you holding up?

She turned around and whispered in his ear too.

- I can't take it anymore. Excuse me for a minute, I have to go or our host will have to mop the floor.

Justin liked the picture. She got up and walked slowly towards the toilet. 2 people were already queuing there, so Margaux waited, moving from one leg to the other. Justin noticed how much volume her dress contained. Probably the many baskets and petticoats worn by women of the time. He saw her put both hands in her crotch, firmly gripping the fabric of her skirt and squirming ostentatiously, making a group of girls who were watching her laugh from the back. Justin wondered if she was doing it on purpose, to please him. But his logic took over and he dismissed the idea.

The line diminished, and Justin decided to get up to accompany the young woman.

- Did you miss me that much? she asked squirming

- A little, admitted Justin, and I find the situation quite funny.

She stared at him, still with that indescribable expression.

- That is to say ?

- I don't know... the fact that... that you want to... well...

She continued to stare at him, seeming to think, then a mischievous glint appeared in her eyes.

- Yes finally it depends for whom, and I hope that the person in front of me will hurry otherwise the result will be much less glamorous.

"It depends on who," Justin thought longingly.

Justin looked down at her gorgeous brown dress. Although 40cm from her, the edges of her robes rubbed against her feet. He observed the fabrics, the refinement. That's when he saw a puddle of water coming out from under the skirt and his blood boiled. Had she cracked? It was then that he saw that the water was actually flowing from the bathroom. A scream rang through the apartment!

- The toilet is clogged ! Call a plumber!

The reaction was immediate: the toilets were sealed off and Margaux could not relieve herself.

- Raaah not cool not cool not cool .... she roared arching, hands still grabbing the tissue. I can't fucking take it anymore. He could not take his eyes off the show, he felt that this evening was going to be one of the most beautiful of his life. He seizes the opportunity.

- You know, I live in the building, 5 floors above, and my toilet works, so if you want we can....

She cut him off:

- YES ! Quick before I piss myself.

They hurried, took leave of the other guests and went out into the hallway.

- Elevator or stairs? quipped Justin

- The ? My bladder won't take the stairs.

So she called the elevator, which came down. No doubt under the effect of urgency, she hammered the call button, as if that would make it go down faster. Justin didn't miss a beat of the show, it was just crazy. In haste, her bun had come undone and her long hair fell below her shoulders. The tinkling of the elevator was welcomed by Margaux as a release, she rushed into the little cabin and waited for Justin; She was leaning against the bottom of the elevator, bent over and her hands disappearing in the flood of fabrics. He noticed that his robe filled the entire cabin, barely leaving room for him to fit inside.

- Which floors? she asked

He decided to play a dirty trick on her

- 4th, she pressed the button. Excuse me, 5th, he said with a smile.

She stared at him, incredulous, then moaned theatrically.

- Do you really want me to piss myself? Because it's off to a good start, honey.

- Just having fun, that's all.

- It's just that... it's not that common for guys who like it.

She had said this, getting up slightly, still squirming, but this time spreading her arms slightly, as if to welcome him. Justin walked over, and put his hands on her waist. He discreetly stuck his body against the fabric of her dress. The breathing of the young woman accelerated, she seemed to like the contact of the young man. He decided to run his hands down his buttocks, and pull them towards his pubis, but a jolt brought them back to reality.

- What is happening ? choked the young woman, on the verge of breaking.

- No idea, it looks like the elevator is blocked.

She couldn't suppress a moan.

- Raaah damn, I apologize in advance for the show you are going to attend. I hope you took your boots because the ground will soon be flooded.

This remark ecstatic Justin. He closed his eyes for a moment and listened. We only heard the panicked breathing of Margaux, as well as the friction of the fabric of her dress which quivered while she squirmed, unable to hold it any longer.

- Can you hold on?

- Not for a very long time, I really have to pee seriously .....

Justin peered through the crack in the doors. He saw that they had arrived on his floor, the doors were just blocked.

- It's good here we are! I just have to manage to open the door.

He got no response and turned around. Margaux was arched double, both arms in his crotch, not moving. He suspected that she was reaching her limits. So he forced the door, which opened under his action.

They got out and walked down the hall. A quick look back in the cabin gave Justin the sight of a few drops on the floor, exactly where his friend was. Margaux had to lean against the wall as she moved forward, the pressure being too strong in her bladder. Once at the door, Justin purposely took his time looking for the keys.

- Justin, I can't take it anymore!

- A bit of courage

- I'm half pissing myself!

He watched her squirm as he searched for his keys.

- Come on, I'm sure you can still....

- Oh no ! Shit.... I....

And there, time stopped. The young woman's expression passed under a mask of intense embarrassment, while an explosion of urine soaked the front of her dress, spilling a cascade of droplets on the floor. Justin saw a pool of urine come out from under her dress, and increase until it completely flooded the tiled floor. The young woman's expression passed through a glow of ecstasy, of liberation. The sound of urine flowing on the floor, the hissing of hot liquid impregnating her magnificent dress, revealing a huge dark and wet stain that grew around her hands, the drops of urine that fell in spite of herself on Justin's boots. She pissed herself for a good few minutes, and half the hallway was totally flooded with her piss. She was short of breath.

- justin......

He didn't know what to answer

- We can go back, it's embarrassing there .....

Stammering, he opened the door and invited her through. Before closing the door, he contemplated the pond that the young woman had left.

The first room in his studio opened directly onto the main room. Justin closed the door and saw that his friend had stopped in the middle of the room, her back to him, her dark hair flowing in cascades. Obviously she hadn't really relieved herself because Justin still saw a little puddle coming out from under her dress, unless it was the fabric of the soaked skirt that was dripping on the floor. He didn't know if she was pissing him off or not.

- I.. I'm sorry I... I should have been faster and...

- Did you like it ? She asked that not with reproach or irritation, but rather with a seductive undertone.

- Uh well I...

She turned around, holding the front of her dress with both hands. Although very wide, the front of her dress was totally soaked, soaked in hot piss. This had the effect of increasing the weight of the fabric, so that she had to hold it with both hands.

- Well, come on! she invited him.

As if in a trance, he threw himself on her with ardour. He took her in his arms and kissed her passionately. He pressed his hands to the front of her dress, enjoying the warm feel of her urine on his hands. He stuck to her and kissed her neck, while she moaned with pleasure.

- Admit it, you liked me pissing myself, she said.

He didn't answer, he lowered his pants and took off his shirt. He was now alone at home, in his underpants, facing a marvelous woman 6 years his senior, dressed in a grand siecle dress soaked in piss. She approached him and stroked his erection.

- Oh yes, you obviously enjoyed seeing me in such an embarrassing situation.

She lowered her underwear and gazed at his penis, proudly erect. Without warning, she put it in her mouth and began to please him. He loved it, she was doing particularly well. The humidity and the heat of his mouth had an incredible effect on him. Moreover, the singular smell of Margaux's urine exalted her senses. She stopped after 4 minutes of oral sex and got up. She continued to caress his penis; She then had an idea and thrust his penis into the soaked fabric of her dress. Justin felt the rough contact of tissue moistened by Margaux's warm urine. She masturbated him like this in the fabric of her dress soaked in piss. Meanwhile, Justin kneaded her buttocks passionately, and the young woman seemed to love it. He realized that she was not that thin and even had good thighs, which pleased him even more.

Unable to stand it any longer, he took her in his arms and led her into the bedroom, he undressed her faster than anyone had ever done and laid her naked on the bed. He bent over her and she whispered to him:

- You don't want to wait 2 minutes, I have to go back to the bathroom, I still want to.

- Oh believe me, you did much worse tonight, replied Justin before entering her. They made love with a passion never reached before. Margaux's groans echoed to the rhythm of Justin's hips. After a while, he took her legs to put her knees on his shoulders, in the position of the drunken boat. So he could penetrate her differently.

- Justin! HAN! I really need to pee. Han! I can't take it anymore!

But that only increased Justin's desire. After a perfectly executed doggy style, he asks her to get on top of him.

- I'm warning you, I might piss on you, I'm on the verge of exploding, she said with a perverse gleam in her eyes.

- I'm taking the risk, go ahead and above all don't hold back.

She did. She sat astride his penis and began the movement back and forth. both hands resting on Justin's stomach. Meanwhile, he fondled her breasts and kissed her nipples, which were pointed like arrows.

- I. Don't. Can.More! she screamed

Juston squeezed his bladder, which clicked. She just had time to get on top of him and her urine burst on Justin's stomach. She screamed so much enjoyment and release was important. Urine flowed over the young man. This had the effect of making him ejaculate immediately. The young women gradually stopped her ride and snuggled up in the arm of the young man, in the soaked bed. Out of the corner of her eye, she looked down at her dress and her petticoats, with that huge dark stain, evidence of her incontinence. It was the first time she pissed herself in front of a man, and it was already the best.

