My first story (really excited)

Author: Livearrow5858

*000*2018-03-14 04:46

Hello! This is my first story! I'm really excited. I'm writing on my phone so sorry for any typos. Also the characters and the setting are real but the story is fictional. Ok here we go.

====

"Avery, wake up! You're gonna be late for school!" 'Oh no' thought Avery. She hurriedly got dressed and went downstairs, where her pancakes and milk was waiting for her. She quickly piled the food into her stomach. As she was finished her milk, she heard her bus. 'Crap' she thought. She rushed out the door. 'Phew, that was a close call.' She thought as she sat down on the seat. That's when she felt it. 'Uh oh.' Avery thought, 'I forgot to go to the bathroom! Well, I guess I'll have to hold it.' She thought.

A few minutes later she walked from her bus to the school and went to her locker. She put her backpack into her locker and grabbed her Health notebook and folder. Then she went to the classroom, sat her stuff down and was on her way to the bathroom when "Avery?" She turned around and instantly blushed. It was Torren, the boy she liked. "Oh uh, hi Torren." She said. "Hi Avery. So uh would you want to ah sit next to me today?" Said Torren. Unknown to Avery, Torren had a huge crush on her. "Uh, sure! I just gotta-" RIIING! It was the bell. "-grab my stuff." Said Avery. 'I really need to pee' she thought as she sat down and crossed her legs. "Good morning everyone! " Said Mr Lissick, the Health teacher. Avery raised her hand. "Yes Avery?"

"Um, can I go to the bathroom?" Asked Avery. "No, not right now." Said Mr Lissick. Avery groaned, "what's wrong?" Asked Torren. "I really have to pee!" Said Avery. "Oh" said Torren as he felt an erection growing in his pants. Torren secretly was into girls his age needing to pee. -It all started when he and his sister and brother were playing tag on the trampoline, "I gotta pee!" Said Haily. Torren went up the latter and onto the platform. The his she slid down, when she went on to the lower platform she grabbed her crotch. "I gotta pee!" She said as she made her way across the trampoline. "Can you wait?" Asked Torren, "fine" said Haily. As she held herself again. Now at this time Torren didn't know the signs of really needing to pee, so he asked "why are you grabbing your crotch?"

"Because I really have to pee and you won't let me go!" She said. She now had to keep one hand dug firmly into her crotch. "I dare you to go and drink more water and then hold it." Said Torren as he adjusted his growing erection. "I hate you." She said jokingly as she got a glass and turned on the faucet. She had to dig both hands into her crotch while the water was running. She turned off the faucet and drank.

"I have to pee so bad." She said. She then looked down at Torren's pants, "ew, are you enjoying this?" Torren blushed, "yeah..." he said.-"Why won'the he let me go?" She asked as she put her heel under her crotch. "I don't know." Said Torren. Avery could never sit still for long. "Okay class, we are going to introduce ourselves to your shoulder partner." Said Mr Lissick. "Alright." Said Avery as she dug her heel into her crotch, "what are two secrets that you have?" Avery asked Torren as she squirmed around and gritted her teeth. "Ummm, ok so the first one is...I really like you." He blushed and looked to the ground. "W-what?!" She said, she forgot that she had to pee. "You like like me?"

"Yeah." Replied Torren. "Well, I love you!" She kissed him. "And the second one is...I like to see girls desperate to pee." Avery had to pee again. "Oh, um well that made me need to pee again." She said as she grinded her crotch against her heel. "Yeah sorry." He apologized. "Yunno, it's actually ok, because I kinda like to hold it!" She said. "Really?! Well, we are gonna make a great couple." Torren said. "Yeah." Avery said as she dug her hand into her crotch. "But I think I have to go now, maybe we can meet somewhere and..."

"Yeah yeah." Torren said. Avery then grabbed herself as she walked up to ask the teacher.

The end

So, sorry if the desperation quickly escalated and the setting stayed in one place. Like I said it's my first story, so KIND criticism is accepted. I have zero tolerance for kind criticism. Thanks.

*002*2018-03-14 17:19

Thanks!

*007*2018-03-16 02:19

{{On 3/14/2018 at 2:43 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

Not bad. I'd have liked it to end in a wetting, but just my preference.

Two bits of constructive criticism: (and I think you meant you have zero tolerance for UNKIND criticism)

1. It should be split into several paragraphs instead of just one

2. Maybe a bit of specification as to when it returns to Avery

}}

What do you mean by 2? Maybe you didn't notice, but I put dash lines before and after it turns to my sister.

