Omo-Convention 2025!

Author: Leaky Jenny

*000*2025-05-24 03:13

I had a fantasy dream after playing with all the wonderful and supportive Omorashi.org friends here.

What if we could all meet? I imagine a floor of connecting bedrooms. Each one of us has our each specific kink materials and toys. Times would be rotated so every room had an opportunity to show off, and to be shown, and they provide a drink (non-alcoholic and alcoholic choices), and give us a little show. Then we rotate. Everyone can show of their kink. A room maximum limit of 6 people, with a time limit of and hour. We can have holds happening with people wearing a wristband. Actually wristbands for all the kinks. Like the handkerchief code. Left wrist top. Right wrist bottom. And since we all would have yellow already, we could designate the other colors for holding, diapers, wetting clothes, hyper wetting, hypnosis, Bedwetting, tickle induced accidents, cosplay wetting, and all the things I cannot think of rn

My personal room would be plastic covered like Dexter had prepared my room. Then a comfy bed topper and sheets that felt like I was the first person to use them - crisp, cool, almost ironed. I want an array of diapers packed in each drawer with outfits so when I open them up it’s like a surprise - wheee! What do I get to put on this time? My fridge would be stocked with many kinds of water. From basic to fucking expensive liquid gold tasting water.

I want to offer my guests a pint of Guinness. With a nonalcoholic choice of Fillico Water. I want everyone to enjoy a diaper, or a piss in my shower where I will have front row seating on the toilet. I’ll put on panties every time someone wants to try make me piss them. If you make me pee my panties while you lose control in my shower you get to keep the panties. I will change into a diaper again. My room will have a DJ playing water tracks of overlapping waves, water, rain, streams. and moaning with a rave mix. Plus a light reflecting water on the ceiling and walls.

What does your hotel room look like, what’s the drink options, and what will we do while we are there?

Omo Convention 2025!

*005*2025-05-25 08:06

{{7 hours ago, footedsleeper said:

The Chicago Age Play convention welcomes not only age players but also diaper lovers.

}}

I’ve been to a few fetish balls. They had classrooms teaching different types of kink play. I walked by one room teaching Fisting 101 and heard, “don’t be afraid to go to hospital if your fist gets stuck” and I could not help thinking with a laugh how that car ride would be possible, and also glad I can drive a stick. But they didn’t have much in the way of water sports

