An Argue and a Desperation

Author: LavenderMan

*000*2016-11-03 00:24

It was a bit into the ride that Cole started fidgeting. He didn't realise it at first, being distracted by the music in his heahphones, but after a short bump on the road, he knew what was going on inside his body.

He threw a glance at the man sitting to his left side, driving the dark blue Mercedes. It was his boyfriend — probably ex by the way things were going tonight —, Marcus.

Marcus was a tall, dark haired guy with the most green eyes you'll ever see. Cole couldn't deny it, he was handsome, but his beautiful face was now clouded with anger.

Cole wanted to tell him to stop somewhere, but he knew it wasn't the right moment to do that, so he just sat there, continuing to listen to his music.

The thing that they fought over wasn't such a catastrophe, Marcus would always make a big deal out of the smallest of mistakes Cole did.

An hour passed, Cole's situation only got worse. His thighs were now pressed together, even though the blond haired young man read somewhere that it would not make the need easier to control, quite the opossite. He eyed Marcus again, searching for a way he could voice his need, but he just couldn't find one. He was blaming himself for the way his boyfriend acted, even though it wasn't his fault. Marcus was... Marcus. And you couldn't stop him.

Another half an hour. Cole's bladder was now pressing against the waistband of his jeans. He was doing his best to hold the liquid in, but his mind kept slipping to this late afternoon, when he drank a lot of orange juice while eating a late lunch.

He crossed his legs at the ankle and started fiddling with the seat belt. He tried to discretely cross his legs, but it wasn't an usual move someone would do in a car, and Marcus glanced at him with comfusion printed on his face. Cole wished he would have said something, but the man just turned his eyes back to the road.

The blonde was begining to get desperate. His hands were on his thighs, sometimes letting his nails dig into his black jeans.

A sudden urge startled Cole and he accidentaly let out a hot jet that dampened his underwear. He had to tense all the muscles in his body just to stop wetting himself. Marcus definitely noticed that, and Cole's frustration grew when he still didn't say anything.

"Marcus?" Cole found himself muttering.

"What?" The other man snapped, without even looking at him.

"I... Can you- Can you stop somewhere?"

"Just shut up an leave me drive, you're lucky I didn't leave you at the restaurant."

Cole felt his light blue eyes watering, and he said:

"I'm sorry..."

Silence.

He knew he couldn't last much longer. He was small, therefore he had a small bladder.

Ten minutes later, his bladder was a bulge on his abdomen. Cole felt that it could burst any moment, even though that was not possible. His breath was shallow and he couldn't keep his mind off his need.

"M-Marcus, please... I really need to use the bathroom..." he said without looking at the man.

A violent urge made him shove his hands between his legs and squeeze tight. His bladder hurt and his left kidney started sending painful signals through his body. He knew this was bad.

"You should've thought about this before getting in the car."

"I can't hold in anymore," he whispered, starting to tear up.

It was a second after that, that he started sobbing, feeling like he was going to explode.

"P-Please..."

Marcus looked at him, now concerned and realised his own stupidity. What was he doing? Why was he torturing his poor boyfriend?

"It's okay," he said gently. "We're going to stop in one minute, see?"

Cole looked up and he saw the sign to a rest stop that was just e few hundred meters away. Five seconds later, another jet of warm liquid left his body, this time he felt the wettness on his hand. He whimpered and his cheeks warmed up when he realised he was acting just like a little kid.

He felt a hand rubbing circles on his back.

"We're gonna be there in no time, Cole."

The car pulled over in a parking spot but the blode froze. He couldn't move. He just couldn't move. He knew that if he did, he would wet himself uncontrollably. His bladder was rock hard, pressing agains the button of the jeans he was too self concious to open, and he was shaking. His red cheeks were stained with fresh tears.

"Cole, you can get up now," Marcus talked, looking at him with concern. He then gave up and raised from his seat, getting out of the car and walking fast to the other man's side. He opened the door, grabbed Cole's arm as gently as he could and walked him towards the toilet. Behind him, the blonde was whimpering quetly trying not to pee himself.

The dark haired man opened the door and pushed Cole inside, closing it after him and then starting to pray that the small man was going to come out with dry pants. In a few seconds, he heard a slight hiss accompanied by the sound of liquid hitting water and he sighed relieved. More than a minute passed before the sounds stopped.

The door opened.

A teary Cole exited the bathroom, looking like he was going to start crying again. He actually did, covering his face with his hands.

"Hey, why are you crying?" Marcus put his arms around him and held him close. "It's okay now."

"I couldn't open my zipper," Cole sniffled.

Marcus frowned and then saw that Cole's butt was wet, after that he realised that the boy must've sat on the toilet and peed through his clothes.

"Oh, baby," he gently brushed a lock of hair from the other's face."It's okay, I think we still have those clothes in the trunk from when we went to your uncle."

Cole's eyes lit with hope.

It was true, the clothes were still in the trunk. Cole cleaned himself with some wet wipes he found in the car and got dressed in a pair of dark red jogging pants. He returned to the car looking a lot better than before.

There were a few seconds of silence before Marcus broke it by saying:

"I love you, Cole... And I'm sorry."

Cole didn't say anything... He just leaned forward and placed a sweet kiss on his lips.

"I love you too."

###

Well, hi! I hope you liked this and I also hope that I didn't have too many grammar mistakes (English is not my mother language xD). This is the first omorashi that I actually finished, so I'm sorry for the lack of details and the rushed feeling of the story.

If you have any suggestions for fixing my style or something else, feel free to tell me.

Thanks for reading! :D

