Call Center Desperation

Author: Lythe

*000*2017-08-31 05:23

Hi all! Before getting into this, I want to remind you this has a furry tag. IF that is not your thing, you were warned here. I'd really appreciate ant and all constructive criticism, I haven't written in a pretty long time and cranked this out pretty quickly. Thank you!

The grey wolf’s feet rubbed together, an uncomfortable movement accented by the force used behind it. The rubbing was loud, and it seemed to carry an anxious energy as his khaki pants continued to chafe across each other. His rear shifted in his seat, causing the chair to creak. He winced, fearing that the sound would bother others, that it would make them look up and there would be eyes staring at his ever more vulnerable form. His ears twitched in an irritated fashion as he shifted again, the rubbed his grey furred palms together. The fidgeting seemed to be getting worse, becoming almost constant as the wolf’s gaze continued to flicker around the office.

“Yes Sir, you’re right, that is completely unacceptable.” He agreed, putting his hand to his mouth and massaging the area, shutting his yellow eyes in frustration. Around him the drone of dim, indistinct conversation pounded in his ears. Only the current customer, angry about something that was undoubtedly not his fault but was now his problem, cut through the surrounding chatter. Oh how he loathed call center work. Even the call center he was now working in, which was decent compared to most others, grew frustrating when an angry customer was thrown into the mix.

Lyle, the wolf, had been on the call for close to two hours. It should have been a simple troubleshoot, but someone in sales had screwed up and told the customer he could do something that was not going to work. Now he’d had to pick up the pieces and guide the customer through a different solution that would solve the problem, but was a lot trickier to implement. It had been going well, Lyle could occasionally agree that the sales rep had done a crap job and how he was very sorry for the inconvenience, but as time wore on cracks in his normally impenetrable best customer experience armor were forming. An empty and awfully large bottle of water, next to an equally empty can of diet coke gave away the reason why.

The wolf’s bladder throbbed, and he rubbed his legs together again. Oh how he had to piss. He’d finished the soda right before the call had started. He’d begun sipping on the water, finishing it about an hour into the call. Lyle had noticed a slightly uncomfortable feeling in his bladder as he set the bottle down for the last time, but he had been so sure they were almost done. He had to get this call finished, but he couldn’t risk walking away right now. This customer was too sensitive. He needed to finish the call. He found himself growing more and more anxious over his choice of pants. Khaki wouldn’t hide anything if the worst happened. No, that was a bad and dangerous thought. He was a grown man, and he would go to a urinal like an adult.

“Now what do I put in the ip address field?”

He wanted to snap, for the thousandth time this call, but instead took a breath and explained, again, what needed to go where. The water balloon inside him continued to pulse uncomfortably. He shifted in his seat yet again, internally groaning as he realized he could still feel liquid sloshing inside his stomach. Lyle knew he was reaching his limit, but the water in his belly continued pouring into his bladder regardless. He stifled a whimper as a particularly strong wave of need washed over him. He had to let go, and soon.

“It isn’t working right. I did just what you said. Why isn’t it working?”

Because you didn’t use the correct fucking address, the wolf thought, but didn’t voice. They were working through a new error that Lyle was familiar with. The end was in sight! That realization seemed excite his bladder more than anything else had. He felt hot urine spurt towards the tip of his cock. His eyes widened and his hand shot down to pinch himself closed. He glanced around after, it didn’t look like anyone had noticed thankfully. Mercifully, The customer was silent. Maybe this was the end.

“I think it’s working. I just need a few minutes to test.”

“Of course, I’m so glad to hear it’s working!” Lyle exclaimed, for once not needing to feign enthusiasm. At least it was almost over. He could let loose the overfull water balloon inside him and get some relief.

Normally, waiting for fifteen minutes while a customer tested was fine. Now, it was torture. What the hell did this guy need to test for fifteen minutes? Piss began to dribble lightly out of Lyle's ever so tense tip, going past his fingers that he had discreetly put back down around his cock, trying to contain the tide. He was sweating with exertion. Lyle fought his body to contain his desire to pant heavily. The call center was freezing, there would be no passing it off as simple heat. Please, he silently begged, please finish up.

“Okay, looks good on my end, thank you for the help today.”

Finally, the called was over! For a moment, as he ended the call as quickly and politely as he could muster, the wolf was joyous. Then he realized the hard part was still ahead. He had to make it to the bathroom without peeing all over himself. He tightened every muscle he had as he prepared to stand, belt digging mercilessly into his bladder, adding impossibly more pressure. Lyle got to his feet, wincing as has gravity changed and he felt the ocean inside him rush towards its exit. He steeled his bladder's sphincter as best he could before beginning what felt like a mile long walk towards relief.

Every step was torture as Lyle made his way towards the men's room. Piss began to dribble from the tip of his dick out into his navy blue boxer-briefs. A small wet patch was growing but was contained by his underwear at least for the time being. He hoped he was managing at least a somewhat normal looking walk, and he found himself glad his coworkers would likely be too engrossed in their own phone calls or lives to care about a shy wolf who walked a little funny on his way to the toilet. He was closing the distance rapidly, but this seemed to excite his bladder as it throbbed with need. He was so, so close. Finally, he reached the door and opened it as quickly as he was able.

The bathroom was empty, it appeared, and the second the door closed behind him Lyle broke out into a full potty dance. He clutched at his cock, trying desperately to get enough control to let go as he shuffled toward the urinal. His belt could be knuckled on handed, which the wolf managed despite it being a bit tricky. A small spurt of piss shot out, and Lyle clenched his muscles for all they were worth to steel the flow. Knowing time was of the essence, he ripped his fly down and aimed his cock, and finally released the near death grip he had on his muscles. Immediately piss began to shoot out from him, a thick, unending stream.

Lyle reached out his unoccupied paw to steady himself as the urine left his body. The relief didn’t kick in right away, his bladder was so over full that it wasn’t until a few seconds had gone by that the pain began to subside. After what felt like an eternity, it Lyle began to feel relaxation wash over his body. He leaned over, panting from a combination of the sustained effort he had put out, and the relieving sensation as he continued his piss. After close to a minute, he finally got the last drops out, shook off, and put himself away. He went to wash his paws on the way out, a peaceful smile on his face. He’d made it.

This time.

*002*2017-09-03 16:24

Thank you! It was my first story in several years, although I have written a handful over time. I'm hoping to have another one up today!

