Fanny's Desperation Game

Author: LeroyBeatle

*000*2021-08-17 21:17

Hi everyone. It's my first post, and m'y first story. I hope you will like it. I apologize, my original text is in french, so the english version is only make by Google Trad. So it's possible there are a few mistakes with word or sentence. I let the french version. Enjoy !

English Version ( Google Trad )

The evening had started so well.

Fanny had been invited by her neighbor to go have a drink. His blood had only made one turn: it was a moment that he liked it enormously. She hadn't taken any interest in him right away, because of the age difference: she was going to turn 32 when he was barely 26. But they had started to discuss and he had liked her very quickly. . She had taken a long time to realize it, because Fanny was very complex about her physique. She was indeed very round, with good thighs, large buttocks and a small emerging stomach. Her waist, on the other hand, was quite slim.

She then looked for how to dress, and decided to keep it simple: an orange-yellow tank top that hugged her well-rounded breasts perfectly, as well as jeans. She felt a little cramped in it, but she liked him. For once in her life, she felt sexy.

So she left her apartment and knocked on the door of her neighbor, Justin. This opened almost everything. He had put on a simple shirt, the black of which contrasted with the blondness of his hair. The same blond as Fanny's long hair.

- You are beautiful, he told her.

- Thank you ... she replied, blushing

He found that embarrassed air absolutely cute. They left the building and headed for the city center. They chatted about everything and nothing, making sure not to slip up on this first date. They quickly arrived at the bar, and ordered two beers. Fanny loved beer, but hated its side effect, namely the urge that it caused.

- It makes me weird to see you like this, she said to Justin. Finally, I mean, in other words than that of simple neighbor.

He looked at her insistently:

- And ... Do you like it? he asked her with a smile.

- I .... Yes I think so.

She felt ridiculous babbling in front of a man who could be her little brother; The discussion continued. Fanny felt her bladder swell with urine. She changed position in her seat, so as not to make the urge worse.

- All is good ? Justin asked him

- Yes yes, don't worry.

- And if we played a game, to get to know each other better! Do you know the Truth Action? Shall we play a game? Whoever refuses or fails to order a pledge.

Fanny wondered where he was coming from, but accepted. She liked this playful side that her companion had.

- So I start: Truth or Dare?

- Uh ... Truth! replied the young woman

- Let's see .... How many boyfriends have you had before me?

That she would have suspected

- Just 2. Maybe a third soon, she replied with an eloquent smile. Mine, Truth or Dare?

- Truth

- What made you invite me?

- I don't know, an intuition, a desire.

These words had the effect of a heat wave in Fanny's body and crotch. She will be her thighs and crossed them, because her desire was becoming more and more important. She started to squirm in her chair, but refused to get up for fear of appearing as a pisseuse unable to control her bladder.

“Very well,” Justin said. Truth or Dare ?

- Action, answered Fanny for a change.

Justin watched the young woman squirm, and had an idea.

- You have to drink another pint!

- Uh .... ok, she said. But I just have to go to the bathroom first.

- Out of the question, you have to do it now otherwise it's a pledge, Justin replied with a perverse glint in his eyes.

Fanny began to suspect something. She had read on a forum that there were different people who fantasized about seeing his companion or his companion have a pressing desire, or even get over it. She thought about it right away, but maybe it was just her imagination, maybe he was just trying to get her to drink to make her more comfortable.

So she ordered a pint and Justin watched her lock it up. He was already fantasizing by imagining the liquid acting on the young woman's bladder, filling it inexorably until it overflowed. And this is precisely what was happening: Fanny had already drunk a liter of beer and her bladder was showing itself seriously. But for some reason she didn't know, she loved it, that sense of urgency, that sense of intimacy with her neighbor.

- How are you ? Justin asked

- Yes, yes, it's okay, she assured him, crossing her legs even more. Okay, it's your turn now.

- Action!

Fanny hesitated, then made up her mind, the alcohol certainly helping her to be more enterprising.

- You have to do something to me that surprises me, she said to him with a mischievous air.

Justin quoted her, he knew very well what he wanted to do. He stood up slowly and approached his neighbor. He leaned over delicately, his lips almost touching hers. Fanny's heart was beating wildly, the stress and excitement further accentuated her desire. Justin's lips were only inches from his.

It was then that when they were going to kiss, Justin had a movement of the hand and vigorously squeezed the bladder of the young woman. This one narrowly missed the flood. She could not hold back a few jets which slightly soaked her panties. Fortunately, no stains appeared on his jeans. Looking satisfied, Justin sat down. Fanny didn't know if it was the influence of the pressure of her bladder against her clitoris but she felt an extreme excitement rise in her. Surprisingly, she did not hold it against her young neighbor. Better still, she liked his sense of initiative. It made him want to end up in bed even more tonight.

She crossed her legs even more and decided to play it. Justin couldn't take his eyes off the gorgeous woman sitting across from him, who waddled in her chair, putting her hands in her crotch as she squirmed. His erection almost ached. He decided to play fair with her.

- Truth or Dare ?

- Truth, she replied, biting her lower lip, on the verge of breaking.

- Let's see ... I see you look indisposed, have you ever pissed on yourself?

Fanny felt a huge discomfort now. The excitement gave way to a slight uneasiness. She only realized now that she was in the middle of a bar, with lots of people around. Certainly, it had already happened to her once to piss herself on when she came home from a party: she was accompanied by a man and she had not been able to go to the bathroom that evening. Arriving in front of his house she couldn't take it any longer, and as soon as her date had he put the keys in the lock of her front door, the young woman's bladder was emptied, flooding her thighs, her skirts, her tights, the hallway of the building and the feet of her companion, whom she had obviously never seen again. But in no case was she prepared to talk about it here.

- I ... sorry I pass my turn ... she replied, leaning forward to relieve the pressure on her bladder.

- Well, you have a pledge, you have to drink another 2 more pints, it's me who pays.

Now Fanny was sure, Justin wanted to see her get on it. Oddly enough, the uneasiness passed. Maybe it was due to alcohol, maybe it was Justin's reassuring gaze, but the fact is that Fanny emptied her other 2 pints under the eager gaze of her companion. She had now drunk 2 liters of beers.

She couldn't take it anymore. She couldn't move anymore without her bladder calling her to order. No position was comfortable, his desire was more than pressing. She was terrified of peeing herself in the middle of the bar, so she said:

- Listen, I ... I really can't take it anymore, I have to go home.

Justin replied straight away, as if he had only been waiting for this:

- Alright, let's go!

While he was paying the bill, Fanny dragged himself outside as quickly as she could. She had difficulty walking, her bladder appeared swollen through her jeans. She waited for her partner, waddling from one leg to the other. She dared not put her hands between her legs for fear of appearing ridiculous in front of the many people sitting on the terrace, but it was not the urge that she lacked, in every sense of the word. Fanny had never found herself with such a pressing desire. She had the impression that her bladder was going to literally explode, that she was going to flood her jeans in front of her neighbor and thus drown her chances for the future with him. But on the other hand, she felt that something was happening, that deep down Justin was just waiting for it. When he returned, she decided to play it, to accentuate his waddling, his crossing of thighs in order to titillate him. It seemed to please him because he dragged him to the door of the building.

- Am I wrong or do you really want to piss, Fanny? he asked

- No, she replied in a whisper, I ... I can't take it anymore, I'm going to pee on myself. It's your fault you made me drink too much.

She had fun squeezing her bladder, uttering a small moan, which had the effect of hardening Justin's erection even more. He pushed her into the ground floor and called the elevator. They got inside and Fanny pressed the button hastily. She was slightly uneasy again: she realized that she was about to pee on herself, at 32 years old. The departure of the elevator pulled her out of her moods.

With a mischievous air, Justin pressed all the buttons that separated the ground floor from the 3rd floor, which resulted in a stop on each floor, and therefore precious minutes lost for poor Fanny. These no longer sought to hide, she arched back, both arms lodged in his crotch, himself masked by his frantic crossing of thighs. She squirmed like a possessed one, knowing she was reaching her limits. Her perineum was burning her and she now had only one idea in mind, to evacuate.

She decided to try something nonetheless, the ridiculousness of the situation couldn't be worse. She turned her back on her friend and squirmed so hard that her ass pressed against Justin's cock. This one being leaned against the wall of the cabin, it was now sandwiched between the wall and the buttocks of the young woman. His frantic waddling from the pressure of his bladder caused him to rock back and forth against Justin's body. This one was delighted. His friend's large ass pressed against his penis, stirring frantically with natural urge.

- Are you sure it's going to be okay? he asked, to furnish.

- It depends, what do you expect from me, asked Fanny on the verge of rupture.

In response, he hugged her around the waist, pressing his butt even harder against him, and with a forceful movement he squeezed the young woman's bladder. The pressure was such that she narrowly missed the flood. She moaned in both embarrassment and pleasure. She squirmed like crazy as Justin kept the pressure on. In their own way, each took advantage of the situation. Only the tinkle of the elevator indicating that they had arrived pulled them out of their trance.

Fanny rushed to the door of her apartment. But Justin held her back and hugged her.

- Come to my place instead, he whispered in her ear.

Anything as long as she could use the bathroom. She was starting to really feel the urgency of the situation. Fabien unlocked the door and they entered. But once the door closed, Fanny's floodgates opened.

@@She started with a moan, then gripped his crotch tightly. But soon we started to see a dark spot covering his thighs. She tried in vain to hide it but they were too large and urine soaked her legs. Drops of piss cascaded from her thighs and fell to the floor with a loud splashing sound. It looked like she had hidden a shower head in her pants and that it was wet from the inside. The electric light from the apartment reflected off Fanny's soaked thighs. The release was such that she fell to her knees, to finally sit completely in her own urine pool which continued to grow as her bladder was full. Fanny's face was burning, but could only go into ecstasies at the feeling of liberation. She surfed on it for 2 long minutes, creating a gigantic pool at her feet, which soaked her heels and Juston's shoes. He could not take his eyes off this beautiful blonde, with generous thighs, her big posterior bathing in a pond of urine. The puddle filled most of the hallway from the entrance, wondering how long it had been holding back.

Fanny took a deep breath, and regained her footing with reality. The feeling of cold down her buttocks made her realize the state she was in. She no longer knew where to go. At 32, she had just urinated on herself, totally ruining Justin's own apartment. A lapping sound made him look up. She saw Justin swallowing her face, his shoes making waves in the pool of urine. He walked over to her and extended his hand.

- Come on, come on.

He helped her up. Many beads of urine continued to fall into the pond, making a multitude of waves on it. The heat of the urine began to fade, to give way to the cold due to the humidity. She couldn't suppress a shudder.

- I ... I'm sorry ... she stammered, humiliated.

In response, Justin kissed her fiercely. Fanny's blood only swirled around. She who thought to have ruined her chances with him, here he appreciated on the contrary to see her totally soaked. He kneaded her large buttocks, all wet with piss. It pleased Justin as much as it did Fanny. Taken too with feverish passion, she asked Justin to take her to his room, which he did. They thus spent the best night of their life.

French Version:

La soirée avait pourtant si bien commencé.

Fanny avait été invité par son voisin à aller prendre un verre. Son sang n'avai fait qu'un tour: voila un moment que celu ci lui plaisait enormement. Elle ne lui avait pas tout de suite porté d'interet, du fait de la différence d'âge: elle allait feter ses 32 ans alors que lui en avais à peine 26. Mais ils avaient commencer à discuter et il lui avait plut tres rapidement. Elle avait mis du temps à s'en rendre compte, car Fanny complexait énormement sur son physique. Elle était effectivement tres ronde, avec de bonne cuisses, de larges fesses et un petit ventre naissant. Sa taille, en revanche, était assez fine.

Elle chercha alors comment s'habiller, et decida de faire simple: un debardeur jaune orangé qui moulait parfaitement ses seins bien ronds, ainsi qu'un jean. Elle se sentait un peu à l'etroit dedans, mais il lui plaisait. Pour une fois dans sa vie, elle se sentait sexy.

Elle sortie donc de son appartement et frappa à la porte de son voisin, Justin. Celui-ci ouvrit quasimment tout de . Il avait mis une chemise simple qdont le noir contrastait avec la blondeur de ses cheveux. Le meme blond que les longs cheveux de Fanny.

- Tu es magnifiques, lui dit il.

- Merci... lui repondit elle en rougissant

Il trouvait cet air génée absolument craquant. Il sortirent de l'immeuble et se dirigèrent vers le centre ville. Ils discutèrent de tout et de rien, s'assurant de ne pas faire de faux pas pour ce premier rendez vous. Ils arrivèrent rapidement au bar, et commandèrent deux bière. Fanny adorais la bière, mais detestait son effet secondaire, à savoir l'envie pressante qui en resultait.

- Ca me fais bizarre de te voir dans ces conditions, dit elle à Justin. Enfin, je veux dire, en d'autre terme que celui de simple voisin.

Il la regarda avec insistance:

- Et... Ca te plais ? lui demanda t il avec le sourire.

- Je.... Oui je crois.

Elle se sentait ridicule à bafouiller devant un homme qui pourrait etre son petit frère; La discussion continua. Fanny sentit sa vessie se gonfler d'urine. Elle changea de position sur son siege, pour ne pas empirer l'envie.

- Tout vas bien ? Lui demanda Justin

- Oui oui, ne t'inquiete pas.

- Et si on faisait un jeu, pour mieu se connaitre ! Tu connais le Action Verité ? On se fait une partie ? Celui qui refuse ou echoue à l'ordre à un gage.

Fanny se demanda ou il voulait en venir, mais accepta. Elle aimait ce coté joueur qu'avait son compagnon.

- Alors je commence: Action ou Vérité ?

- Euh ... Verité ! repondit la jeune femme

- Voyons.... Combien de copain a tu eu avant moi ?

Ca elle s'en serait douté

- Juste 2. Peut etre un troisieme prochainement, repondit elle avec un sourire éloquent. A moi, Action ou Vérité ?

- Verité

- Qu'est ce qui t'a poussé à m'inviter ?

- Je ne sais pas, une intuition, une envie.

Ces paroles firent l'effet d'une vague de chaleur dans le corps et l'entrejambe de Fanny. Elle sera ses cuisses et les croisa, car son envie devenait de plus en plus importante. Elle commenca a se tortiller sur sa chaise, mais refusa de se lever, de peur de passer pour une pisseuse incapable de controler sa vessie.

- Tres bien, reprit Justin. Action ou Verité ?

- Action, repondit Fanny pour changer.

Justin observa la jeune femme se tortiller, et eut une idée.

- Tu dois boire encore une pinte !

- Euh.... ok, dit elle. Mais il faut juste que je passe aux toilettes avant.

- Hors de question, tu dois le faire maintenant sinon c'est un gage, repondit Justin avec une lueur perverse dans le regard.

Fanny commenca a se douter de quelque chose. Elle avait lu sur un forum qu'il existait differentes personnes qui fantasmaient sur le fait de voir son compagnon ou sa compagne avoir une envie pressante, voir meme se faire dessus. Elle pensa de suite a cela, mais peut etre n'etais ce que son imagination, peut etre essayait il seulement de la faire boire pour qu'elle soit plus a l'aise.

Elle commanda donc une pinte et Justin la regarda l'ecluser. Il fantasmait deja en imaginant le liquide agir sur la vessie de la jeune femme, la remplissant inexorablement jusqu'a en deborder. Et c'est precisemment ce qui était en train de se passer: Fanny avait deja but un litre de biere et sa vessie se manifestait serieusement. Mais pour une raison qu'elle ignorait, elle aimait cela, ce sentiment d'urgence, ce sentiment d'intimité avec son voisin.

- Ca va ? demanda Justin

- Oui oui ca va, lui assura t'elle en croisant les jambes de plus belle. Bon c'est a ton tour maintenant.

- Action !

Fanny hesita, puis se decida, l'alcool l'aidant certainement à se montrer plus entreprenante.

- Tu dois me faire quelque chose qui me surprenne, lui lanca elle d'un air coquin.

Justin la devisagea, il savait tres bien ce qu'il avait envie de faire. Il se leva doucement et s'approcha de sa voisine. Il se pencha delicatement vers elle, ses levres touchant presque les siennes. Le coeur de Fanny battait à tout rompre, le stress et l'excitation accentuait encore son envie. Les levres de Justin n'etait plus qu'a quelques centimetres des siennes.

C'est alors qu'au moment ou ils alaient s'embrasser, Justin eu un mouvement de la main et pressa vigoureusement la vessie de la jeune femme. Celle ci manqua de peu l'inondation. Elle ne put retenir quelques jets qui tremperent legerement sa culotte. Fort heureusement aucunes taches n'apparut sur son jean. L'air satisfait, Justin se rassit. Fanny ne sut pas si ce fut l'influence la pression de sa vessie contre son clitoris mais elle sentit une excitation extreme monter en elle. Etonnement, elle n'en voulut pas a son jeune voisin. Mieu, elle aimait son sens de l'initiative. Cela lui donna encore plus envie de finir dans son lit ce soir.

Elle croisa les jambes d'autant plus et decida d'en jouer . Justin ne pouvait quitter du regard cette magnifique femme assise en face de lui, qui se dandinnait sur sa chaise, mettant ses mains dans son entrejambe tout en se tortillant. Son erection lui faisait presque mal. Il decida de jouer franc jeu avec elle.

- Action ou verité ?

- Verité, repondit elle en se mordant la levre inferieur, au bord de la rupture.

- Voyons... je vois que tu as l'air indisposée, il t'es deja arrivé de te pisser dessus ?

Fanny ressenti une enorme gene desormais. L'excitation fit place a un leger malaise. Elle ne realisa que maintenant qu'elle se trouvait au milieu d'un bar, avec plein de monde autour. Certe, il lui etait deja arrivé une fois de se pisser dessus en rentrant de soirée: elle etait accompagné d'un homme et elle n'avait pas put aller au toilettes de la soirée. En arrivant devant chez lui elle n'en pouvait plus, et à peine son rencard avait il mit les clé dans la serrure de sa porte d'entrée que la vessie de la jeune femme s'etait vidée, inondant ses cuisses, sa jupes, ses collants, le couloir de l'immeuble et les pieds de son compagnons, qu'elle n'avait bien evidemment jamais revu. Mais en aucun cas elle ne se setnait disposé à en parler ici.

- Je... desolé je passe mon tour... repondit elle en se penchant en avant pour soulager la pression sur sa vessie.

- Bon et bien tu as un gage, tu dois boire encore 2 autres pintes, c'est moi qui paye.

Desormais Fanny en eut la certitude, Justin voulait la voir se faire dessus. Curieusemetn, le malaise passa. Peut etre etait-ce dut a l'alcool, peut etre etait-ce le regard rassurant de Justin, mais le fait est que Fanny vida ses 2 autres pintes sous le regard avide de son compagnon. Elle avait desormais but 2litres de bieres.

Elle n'en pouvait plus. Elle ne pouvait desormais plus bouger sans que sa vessie la rapelle à l'ordre. Aucuens positions n'etait confortable, son envie était plus que pressante. Elle était terrifiée à l'idée de se faire pipi dessus au milieu du bar, si bien qu'elle proposa:

- Ecoute je ... j'en peux vraiment plus là il faut que je rentre.

Justin repondit de suite, comme si il n'avait attendu que cela:

- Très bien, allons y !

Tandis qu'il reglait l'addition, Fanny se traina le plus vite qu'elle put à l'exterieur. Elle avait du mal a marcher, sa vessie apparaissait gonflé à travers son jeans. Elle attendit son partenaire, se dandinnant d'une jambe sur l'autre. Elle n'osait pas loger ses mains entre ses jambs de peur de paraitre ridicules devant les nombreuses personnes assisent en terrasse, mais ce n'etait pas l'envie qui lui manquuait, danns tous les sens du terme. Fanny ne s'etait jamais retrouvé avec une envie aussi pressante. Elle avait l'impression que sa vessie allait littéralement exploser, qu'elle allait inonder son jean devant son voisin et ainsi noyer ses chances d'avenir avec lui. Mais d'un autre coté, elle sentait qu'il se passait quelque chose, que dans le fond Justin n'attendait que ça. Quand il revint, elle decida d'en jouer, d'accentuer son dandinnement, ses croisement s de cuisses afin de l'emoustiller. Cela parut lui plaire car il l'entraina jusqu'a la porte de l'immeuble.

- Je me trompe ou tu as super envie de pisser, Fanny ? demanda t'il

- Non, repondit elle dans un souffle, je... j'en peux plus je vais me faire pipi dessus. C'est de ta faute tu m'a fais trop boire.

Elle s'amusa a presser sa vessie en poussant un petit gemissement, ce qui eu pour effet de durcir encore plus l'erection de Justin. Il la poussa dans le rez de chaussée et appela l'ascenceur. Ils rentrèrent dedans et Fanny pressa le bouton précipitamment. Le malaise la reprit legerement: elle realisait qu'elle etait sur le point de se pisser dessus, à 32ans. Le depart de l'ascenceur la tira de ses états d'ames.

Avec un air polisson, Justin appuya sur tout les boutons qui separait le rez de chaussé du 3eme etage, ce qui resulta un arret a chaque étage, et donc de precieuse minutes de perdu pour la pauvre Fanny. Celles ci ne cherchait d'ailleurs plus a se cacher, elle se cambrait en arriere, les deux bras logé dans son entrejambe, lui meme masqué par ses croisement de cuisses frénétique. Elle se tortillait comme une possédée, sachant qu'elle atteignait ses limite. Son périné la brulait et elle n'avait desormais qu'une idée en tete, évacuer.

Elle décida néanmoins de tenter quelque chose, le ridicule de la situation ne pouvant être pire. Elle tourna le dos à son ami et se tortilla si fort que ses fesses se plaquerent contre le sexe de Justin. Celui ci étant adossé au mur de la cabine, il était desormais pris en sandwich entre le mur et les fesses de la jeune femme. Son dandinnement frénétique due à la pression de sa vessie fit faire un mouvement de va et vient contre le corp de Justin. Celui ci était ravi. Le large postérieur de son ami plaqué contre son pénis, remuant frénétiquement sous le besoin naturelle.

- Tu es sure que ca va aller ? demanda t il, pour meubler.

- Ca dépend, qu'est ce que tu attends de moi, demanda Fanny au bord de la rupture.

Pour toute réponse, il l'enserra par la taille, plaquant encore plus ses fesses contre lui.D'un mouvement puissant, il pressa la vessie de la jeune femme. La pression fut telle qu'elle manqua de peu l'inondation. Elle gémit à la fois de gêne et de plaisir. Elle se tortillait comme une folle tandis que Justin maintenait la pression. A leurs manieres, chacun profitait de la situation. Seule le tintement de l'ascenceur indiquant qu'ils étaient arrivés les tira de leur transe.

Fanny se précipita vers la porte de son appartement. Mais Justin la retint et la serra contre lui.

- Viens plutot chez moi, lui chuchota t'il à l'oreille.

N'importe quoi tant qu'elle pouvait aller aux toilettes. Elle commencait à vraiment sentir le sentiment d'urgence de la situation. Fabien deverouilla la porte et ils entrèrent. Mais une fois la porte refermé, les vannes de Fanny s'ouvrirent.

@@Elle commenca par pousser un gemissement, puis agrippa fermement son entrejambe. Mais bientot on commenca à voir une tache sombre couvrir ses cuisses. Elle essayait vainement de le cacher mais celles ci etait trop large et l'urine trempa ses jambes. Des gouttes de pisses s'écoulaient en cascade de ses cuisses et tombait sur le sol avec un fort bruit d'eclaboussure. On aurait dit qu'ele avait caché un pommeau de douche dans son pantalon et que celui ci la mouillait de l'interieur. Le reflet des lumierent éléctrique de l'appartement refletaient sur les cuisses trempées de Fanny. La libération fut telle qu'elle tomba a genoux, pour finalement s'asseoir complétement dans sa propre marre urine qui continuait de grandir tant sa vessie était pleine. Fanny avait le visage qui lui brulait, mais ne put que s'extasier devant la sensation de liberation. Elle surina dessus pendants 2longes minutes, créeant une mare gigantesque à ses pieds, qui trempait ses talons et les chaussures de Juston. Il ne pouvait détacher son regard de cette magnifique blonde, aux cuissses généreuse, son gros posterieur baignant dans un étang d'urine. La flaque remplissait la quasi totalité du couloir de l'entrée, à se demander depuis combien de temps elle se retenait.

Fanny reprenait sa respiration, et repris pied avec la réalité. La sensation de froid le long de ses fesses lui firent réaliser l'état dans lequel elle se trouvait. Elle ne savait plus où se mettre. A 32 ans, elle venait de s'uriner dessus, ruinant totalement le propre appartement de Justin. Un bruit de clapoti lui fit relever les yeux. Elle vit Justin qui avacait verrs elle, ses chaussures faisant des ondes dans la mare d'urine. Il s'approcha d'elle et lui tandit la main.

- Allé, viens.

Il l'aida à se relever. De nombreuses perles d'urines continuaient à tomber dans la mare, faisant une multitude d'onde sur celle ci. La chaleur de l'urine commencait à s'estomper, pour laisser place au froid due à l'humidité. Elle ne put reprimer un frisson.

- Je ... je sui désolé...bredouilla t elle, humiliée.

Pour toute réponse, Justin l'embrassa avec fougue. Le sang de Fanny ne fit qu'un tour. Elle qui pensait àvoir ruiné ses chances avec lui, voila qu'il appreciait au contraire de la voir totalement trempée. Il pétrit ses larges fesses, toutes humide de pisses. Cela plput autant à Justin qu'a Fanny. Prise elle aussi d'une fougue fievreuses, elle demanda à Justin de l'emmener dans sa chambre, ce qu'il fit Ils passèrent ainsi la meilleure nuit de leur vie.

