Dying for a Piss

Author: LochBlk52

*000*2025-11-26 23:16

Meredith Munro: the 36-year old chief scientific lead for the speculative science branch of NEo Utopia Corporation, graduate of the Luna Academy for STEM studies on the Moon, Time magazine's woman of the year for 2118. A genius when it comes to the working of the universe, one of the most successful "mega corp" employees of all time, and always working ethically for the advancement of mankind... is what the brochures and press releases would say. They are all true... from a certain point of view.

But to her and NEo Utopia Corporation enemies, of which there are many, she is a ruthless and dedicated player in the shadow game between the corporations of the world, willing to greenlight any project or action that would result in a leg up on her equally ferocious competition. Secret experiments on speculative WMDs, Jakarta Bioscience Convention violations, and "direct action" that pushes the boundaries the barely secret war between many of the world's fortune 500 companies. Merredith Munro is a genius. Meredith Munro is cold and cruel. Meredith Munro is on top of the world, rich and powerful beyond belief.

So why is Meredith Munro sheltering in the middle of the company offices in Boston, elite bodyguards covering every entrance, asking herself one vital question: is it worth dying for a piss? She's far from the only one. Legs cross around her, hands struggle to stop from being shoved between legs, ankles drip with cooling urine...

Dying for a Piss Chapter 1

Only rookies made the mistake of taking big jobs involving corporations over the net. They put their feet up and watch the texts fly in promising them millions and millions to do the dirty work of some company in Qingdao or conglomerate in Toulon, rubbing their hands in their warm, dry room as they dream of summer vacations in Rio. Then their front door gets blown off because the contracting party was some corp's cyber security department with a fast line to every police agency in the world. Professionals were discreet.

Nobody expects the professional assassin to be the scruffy looking girl in a red coat and black short skirt shivering in the cold November rain, glancing down at her notepad as the crowd passes her by. Nobody cares as she cuts down a side alley and comes to a stop a rusting chain fence that has sat there since 2067, two deep cuts made in the centre. She checks her notepad and tucks it away in her inside pocket, reaching under her skirt and hiking it up as she drops her green panties mid-squat. The sound of her gentle stream is almost lost in the rain as footsteps walk up behind her.

She doesn't bother to turn to see them as she keeps doing her business across the mucky, slightly overgrown, forgotten path. "Foxtrot", a voice calls out behind her. "Alpha," she replies, "At least you guys are more punctual than my last employers." "Perhaps a minute's delay would have been for the best for both of us. You are not at all what we expected of the infamous Redeye." She looks down right at her bladder's contents splashing around, her panties around her ankles. "You're not paying me to not piss mid job interview, are you?" "Not at all, Redeye, we want you to remove Meredith Munro from the game."

Her stream stops, panties come up and she spins to her feet to face the three people trying to acquire her services. They are dressed in casual wear but smell like corporate agents. Her brown eyes lock with that of the group's lead. "Alright, I can hold it for that. The corporate conflict must be turning against whatever interests you rep if you're willing to strike that high. What says even I want to stick my neck out that far?" The leader shakes his head, "That's not for you to know, and 55 million in clean credit transferred to your account." She sniffs. "75 million," he sighs. "That's better." She takes out her notepad and begins to write.

"So tell all I can know to help you deal with your issue." The details come thick and fast as she notes them down. Meredith is planning to stay the weekend at the company's old Boston offices before moving on to summit in London next week. Built for style over function, many of the building's most important rooms face a window. A protected motorcade will bring her from the airport to the offices. Security will be tight and led by one of the most respected and feared individuals in private security: Kate Pendergast, a hardened veteran of the Far East Wars of 2082-2113.

This job would be considered suicide by many of the best. Maybe she made a mistake in taking it. But as Lucy "Redeye" Hendricks left her apartment for the trip into metro Boston, all she could think about was how lucky she was to have a chance to score big while striking a mighty blow at NEo Utopia. Revenge for what NEU took from her in the Far East. Revenge for making her into Redeye. She donned her red coat, pulled on a pair of ragged old jeans, grabbed her backpack and left.

60,000 feet and 20 miles away:

Principal Security Officer Pendergast watched everything her charge did, and right now that was downing yet another glass of water while trying to look around the cup at her tablet. "Miss Munro, pardon me bringing it up, but once we get on the ground we will have to move rapidly to the motorcade. The intelligence we received about Zurich Group's arranging an attempt on your life is believed to be genuine. If you have anything else you need to take care of before we land-" the blonde security agent was cut off. "I'm busy, Miss Pendergast, and will be quite alright."

She finished the cup and put it down beside her, running a hand through her long grey hair. Kate nodded and left the matter there as she got up and moved down the cabin of the private jet, reaching down as she approached the water closet at the rear to snap the tight buckle on her belt open, closing the door behind her as black pants hit the floor and her butt hit the perfectly warmed seat. She didn't badly need to go but she did need to be on her A game. "No distractions, Kate, no distractions." She breathed in and focused a little too hard. The world slowed down around her. The dull roar of the engines gave way to a perfect comprehension of the trickle against the toilet bowl. She could see how the light interacted with her stream as it passed between her thighs and then into the shadow of the bowl. The experience would have been surreal if she wasn't so used to it. Just another part of the gift NEU gave her in the Far East.

And in a moment she was back to reality. She glanced over her shoulder out of the WC's frosted thin slit window. The lights of night time Boston glistened down below. She pulled her pants back up and washed her hands, opening the door to find one of her agents waiting for her: a dark-haired girl thick glasses named Molly. She stood aside as Kate left the small toilet. The PSO's keen senses noted Molly's eyes locked on the porcelain bowl and the straining bulge low in her suit. She also heard the bing of the announcement to return to their seats, saw the panic in Molly's eyes.

"Fu-" The curse was breathed but stopped dead by her CO standing right before her. "Will you be okay?" Kate asked. "I-uh, it's nothing, Miss Pendergast." Her legs squeezing tighter betrayed her true feeling, the blush on Molly's face quickly disappearing from Kate's sight as she walked back up to her seat. The fullness of one of her girls' bladder was quickly pushed to the back of her mind as she also retook her seat across from Meredith and watched out the window for the sight of the limo that would wisk them to the safety of their offices. Molly, and maybe a few unlucky others, would just have to hold it.

Author Notes.

I can't help but picture Meredith as less witchy Herta and Kate as Evelyn from ZZZ with a slightly different outfit.

Meredith: "I'm dying for a-" TITLE CARD

*003*2025-11-26 23:56

{{5 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Do you have any more plans for stories?

}}

Yes. This is just the first chapter.

*005*2025-11-27 00:03

{{Just now, warham1995 said:

Oh ok, also any plans to add more to tom and Elaine's story?

}}

Not for the moment. I have other ideas I want to work on.

*007*2025-11-30 00:26

Dying for a Piss Chapter 1

She slid low against the moss-covered wall as the engine sounds grew nearer and headlights flooded into the old back alley delivery space in front of her, pressing down and making herself but a ghostly outline in the dark as the blue and white form of a Boston PD cruiser came to a stop not 10 metres from her. Its engine was left ticking over as the driver side door swung with a chime, legs following just as swiftly as Lucy watched Officer Felixstone throw herself out of the car. Her red eyes caught her name, badge number, the reflection of the light on her thick rimmed glasses, the hand shoved hard between her legs.

"Hooo, oh, oh fuck, fuck, oh fuck." Her breaths and cries were sharp, laced with frantic desperation. She didn't bothered getting away from her car as her hands fumbled with the buckle on her work belt. Lucy was confident Officer Felixstone wouldn't notice her, doubly so with her focus lashed to the aching bladder she was desperately trying to free from the confines of her tight pants, and even if she did it wouldn't be a problem. She kept her bag gripped tight as a click echoed out from the buxom woman.

"Holy shit, finally. I'm dying for a piss." Push to talk must be saving her life right now, thought Lucy. Her black uniform pants fell in an instant and the waterfall followed them the second her damp panties were pulled aside. "Ooooh, that's... yeah. Too much coffee." Her thick stream hissed and splashed almost as loud as the engine as a bubbly puddle spread out across the ground, shining in the night light, the 5 foot 3, short curly blonde hair, probably mid-late 40s officer making the newest river of Boston dropping into a lower and lower squat with no idea she was being watched.

"10 Adam 13?" Her radio buzzed to life. "Fuuuuuu- 2 minutes, please." The stream somehow managed to get stronger as her crying bladder tried to force hours of waiting and coffee out. "10 Adam 13 respond." Officer Felixstone groaned and her gushing, broken dam slowed down to a trickle. "Not even half done. Fuck it, I'll have to use the bucket on route." She began to talk into her radio about details Lucy didn't care about as she shimmed up her pants and, very gingerly, tightened her belt over her still large bladder. A hum, quick cross of her legs and then rapid stepping on the spot betrayed a spurt or two of warmth filling her panties before she had fully regained control. "10 Adam 13 on route. Fucking bitch has a warm toilet, regular breaks, fucking-", the complaining continued as she got back into her cruiser an drove off. Lucy pulled her coat tight to herself and felt for a button. The red coat dulled away until all the colour and light was sucked into an unearthly black.

She pulled her hood up and gripped onto her backpack as she dashed forward, a shadow among shadows, leaving Officer Felixstone's puddle to be washed away by the drizzle. Her journey through back alleys, over bins and through loading yards and car parks brought her to her destination: a 7-story commercial building that had closed up for the night. A grapple gun solved the issue of getting up and down from the roof as she settled down and began to ready her instrument for tonight's performance. The Rutherford Global Arms PSRG-07 Rail Sniper was something even special forces snipers would be lucky to get their hands on. The first truly miniaturised rail gun to actually enter production and a much feared weapon of the late Far East Wars. Travelling at hypersonic speeds, the projectile was near impossible to dodge, and her position looked over the route of Meredith Munro's motorcade. All she had to do was wait...

Boston Logan International:

The private jet came to a halt next to a gaggle of smart looking cars as the sign to remove seatbelts came on in the cabin. Kate was up in a flash, sailing down to front door as her hand briefly travelled down to her hip to make sure her antique 2025 Glock 19 was secured and ready. Her ears picked up a faint, "thank goodness," from Molly as the security agent quickly took a breath and stood up with the best "I really don't have to piss" face on. "Miss Munro," called Kate, throwing the door open and activating the built-in stairs.

I'm coming, I'm coming." Meredith's long black dress was partially covered by her stark white lab coat that she insisted on almost never taking off. Deep pockets did come in handy after all. She quickly reached up into overhead luggage and removed a briefcase and a witches hat, the mark of the "Coven" group of top NEo Utopia scientists. She filed out of the jet behind Kate and some of her leading agents as they power walked across to the waiting motorcade, more agents and small patrol drones standing by. Kate glanced over her shoulder to see Molly carefully juggling keeping up with the group alongside keeping her bladder out of her pants.

After many days of alert levels ratcheting up and up to the crescendo of today, she was far from the only one. Nobody wanted to be the guard caught off post when shit hit the fan, dashing out of the toilet with their gun on safe and bladder half empty while their colleagues held it in the line of fire. "Get in your designated seats and keep your eyes open!!" Kate called out, yanking the middle row of Meredith's limbo open and allowing another agent, Meredith and Molly to get into the three seats. Another three got into the back row, Kate got into the passenger seat. She caught a glance of Molly shifting around in her seat before gently putting her seatbelt on and crossing her legs tight as the motorcade got moving.

A Rooftop Somewhere Out of Mind:

Lucy stopped humming an old tune from Japan as her watch ticked closer to the time the motorcade was meant to pass, drawing the PSRG into her shoulder and calling up the "gift" she had been given by NEU in the Far East. The "gift" that helped break decades of stalemate between the alliances of the East and West in the jungles and megacities. The "gift" that rewrote her being into a markswoman beyond human: Redeye. That "gift", however, came with costs nobody outside the program and NEU would ever understand. The reticule hovered over oblivious motorists as she dialled in the range and began to truly focus. Time slowed and her senses became sharp as the hunks of metal hurtling at 80kph over 2.5km away were revealed to her in perfect detail. People chatting, on their phones, families singing along to the radio. She took a breath and waited for a tall witches hat to pass into her sights.

Meredith's Motorcade:

"I do hope your security people will at least allow the dinner I have ordered to be sent up without having been destroyed by a testing contraption," complained Meredith. "We shall do our best to keep the meal intact, Miss Munro, but all precautions must be taken now. Head office orders." Meredith waved and scowled. "Rictor knows how much I like that restaurant. If anything he'd make all this assassination business up just to spoil it, get back at me for that time in Mumbai." "I assure you that is not the case, Miss Munro," Kate replied, turning back to look out at the traffic going by. She scanned the cars as they went past on alert for any drivers who looked like they were about to turn in for a ram, passengers watching the limbo grow closer as they readied their guns. She was sweating a little. She could feel it on her neck.

At least she wasn't having to deal with pressure inside as well as out like some of the agents were. Her sharp hearing heard a soft whimper from Molly as she closed her eyes for a second.

"Molly?" The agent blushed red as she realised she was being watched, "Yes, Miss Pendergast?" "Just let go now. I can't have one of my best CQC people in that state with the current threat." Molly stammered for a minute. For all she was blushing and being shy about her needs, she also knew just about every martial art under the sun and had a blade hidden on each limb. "What is the issue, Miss Munro," asked Meredith, Molly blushing deeper at her boss's boss interest.

"No, no, Miss Pendergast, I will be fine, I swear. As soon as we reach the offices-," "We shall be on alert," snapped Kate, "And I need you at your best, Molly. Just relax and piss your pants." Meredith was silent, Molly looked away, "What??" was the response of the limbo driver. The slight swerve of the car as he turned to face her came just as Kate began to explain that she would pay out of pocket for the cleaning... and moved Meredith's fate just enough as a tungsten dart travelling at mach 9 passed clean through the front windshield, poked a hole through her hat, sailed over the shoulder of an agent in the back and then through the highway off into the ground below.

Far Away:

Lucy's cursing and slurs cannot be repeated.

*009*2025-12-22 00:07

Christmas Rush at work has took much of my time. I will continue when I can.

