The Author

Author: LockiShu

*000*2023-03-31 06:38

A small snipbit just for fun! with two made up on the spot characters heheh..

Im no good at tags-

White, white everything was white- but only for a moment, that was until Dolos shut his eyes, then it was all black. For a moment the only thing he felt was the temporary pain of having his eyes stung by the bright white, that was until a harsh ache developed in his lower abdomen, causing him to shift and groan. He opened his eyes and looked ahead, the ground was solid and white with tiny black flecks, the sky was a pure foggy white, and there was nothing to be see for miles. He looked at his hands, and then his body, it was pure void black all around as usual, though he was missing his usual silver jacket, shoes and hat.

'where am I...'

He thought, though he could not ignore the ache in his abdomen, if felt as if gallons of piss had been dumped into his bladder, he had no idea why he was even feeling this way the last thing he remembered doing was grabbing a snack from the fridge late at night..was this a dream? No it couldn't be- it felt too real. Sliding his hands down to his crotch and grabbing quickly, he sighed quietly, his legs shifting and rubbing slowly.

"Marcus!"

A loud distorted voice called out to him, in a name he used as a nickname, as Dolos never really sounded that good to him. He looked up to see a pair of white hands floating there, with no body attached by the looks of it. Marcus was about to respond but his bladder throbbed urgently, causing him to whine instead as he tried to soothe the raging torrent inside of him.

"W-who...are you...?"

"I am the ultimate truth Marcus, or well- one of the ultimate truths. I am an Author..you could call me Author if you please."

"W-why am I here...w-what is this place?"

"This is the blank paper of the mind, not yet filled with the thoughts of a human, you are in the mind of someone who does not exist yet, Marcus."

Marcus could barely hold on to the idea that he was speaking to an 'ultimate truth' or a god of some sort, he could barely focus on the words being spoken to him as his body protested to every little move he made.

"W-why do I...need to pee so bad...?"

"You see, Marcus, when I saw your universe, I saw your world right in front of me, I was interested in you, Marcus. So interested, infact- that I wished only to hold you under my strings only, and not share the strings of others who held onto you in your world. Lets just say, Marcus, that I enjoy watching you struggle with this specific bodily function...but do not worry, Marcus, I can do whatever I want, and I can make you do whatever I want. Do not worry about holding yourself like that pathetically...you will release when I want you too. Perhaps in five minutes? perhaps in five years? how I wish I had that ammount time to hold you here, but sadly you cannot stay forever, for the others will take you back when they find you are missing...but enough of that...how about we meet face to face?"

Marcus blinked, and suddenly a pure white figure was standing in front of him, they had a mouth but no eyes. Marcus nearly flinched away when they reached a hand out and grabbed his shoulder, but something held him in place. Despite what this Author had said, Marcus could not bring himself to let go of his crotch, nor cease his desperate squirming. This seemed to amuse Author, as they gave a small smirk.

"You are pathetic Marcus, and I enjoy that. You cannot bring yourself to let go even though I told you that you could, here..let me help you"

Author gently reached out and grabbed Marcuse's wrists, pulling his hands away from his crotch and holding them up together, Marcus felt as if his only defense against the liquid inside him now was his legs that rubbed and shifted heavily. For a brief moment all was silent until a fast and strong leak sprung, due to Marcuse's rather dark void-colored body and clothes, it was near impossible to see a stain, however the yellow liquid substance was easily noticeable against the white floor, as the hissing sound, similar to that of a snake could not be missed. Marcus groaned as the ache only increased as the stream came to a rather clean cutoff, his legs, thighs and feet now wet and warm, teasing him.

"Oops~ my bad...mustve slipped~"

Author laughed softly, patting Marcus on the head, who couldn't even come up with any sort of response to Authors teasing and clearly mocking tone. Suddenly Author looked to the side, and then back to Marcus quickly.

"Marcus-"

The gentle humming of a refrigerator greeted Dolos, he slowly opened his eyes to find himself back in his kitchen, holding a cold granola bar in one hand. He found himself to be sitting on the cold wooden floor between a countertop and his fridge, with the door wide open and light illuminating the room. Dolos shivered as a warm wet feeling woke up his body, he saw a large puddle sitting underneath him, and his pants and legs were wet and warm unlike the rest of his body and the air smelled of piss and cold refrigerator air. The only thing he felt like he could do was unwrap his granola bar and bite into it, trying to forget the interaction he had just been apart of.

"....expired...hm...great...."

