Pressure

Author: LochBlk52

*000*2025-10-07 22:15

Pressure. It was all they could feel. The hot, stinging, heavy, constant scream of pressure that pulled at their senses and flooded their thoughts. It blared and whined inside of them, sickeningly bold, blinding as the wall of bright red lights that blocked them from moving forward and left them treading water over a pit of disastrous release. The pressure threw a thousand frantic thoughts and pangs of need at them a minute, pelting off their ability to focus and function like the pouring cold rain that pattered off the roof of their car. The sound of all that free running water surrounded and teased them without end. 

The release, the relief, the draining that they both salivated over pouring around them as litres upon litres crashed to the ground... but not theirs... never theirs. There was only the relentless, droning, throbbing pressure in their beyond full, rock solid, post-party night bladders. Wrapped up under clothes that should be down at their ankles, tortured by seatbelts that cut deep into their ability to attempt to think about something beyond a seemingly inevitable accident, the pressure in the bladders of Rebecca and Terry was bursting to be let out.

"Fucking roadworks," groaned Rebecca, resting back into the passenger seat and resting against the window. It was frightening cold against her forehead but at least she could get her mind to somewhat latch onto that sensation over drowning the frantic signals her bladder was sending her. She just had to try and ignore the fact the night beyond the window was a rainswept one. Every time she became conscious of the streams of water that poured down the window, her bladder screamed and threw a fucking atrocious hissy fit, the 20-year old student somehow finding a way to cross her legs that much tight over the other to squeeze her aching pee hole shut.

"Hey, at least you get to cross your legs to take the edge off, and don't have to focus on not going into the slow driver in front of us," came the response from the driver's seat, her Scottish accent thick with the stress of the consequences of a long night of drinking coca cola and water. Any jealousy Terry had over her girlfriend being able to drink what she liked had quickly faded as her bladder's pounding need for release grew louder and louder. "There's an edge I can take off? Where?," gasped Rebecca, waving her arms dramatically.

"I'm fucking dying for a piss here too, Terry, and I really don't want to do it in your car seat."

"That makes two of us," replied Terry, "And I really don't fancy driving another 40 miles in soaking wet jeans either. Bugger, why did I just say that? Fuck." The slow moving traffic allowed the desperate Scotswoman to slide a hand between her thighs and press down hard on where the pressure met denim. Watching her partner's rush of desperation made Rebecca's own bladder tense up and she bounced her legs hard, futilely pulling at the zipper on her black shorts as if she could rip some more space for her bulging bladder.

Rebecca's legs were cold even with the heater on and the constant crossing and recrossing, bouncing her feet so hard she was worried she'd put a hole through the bottom of the car. Terry's jeans were still a little damp from the walk to the car in the downpour, sticking to her legs in place just to remind her of fraction of the sensation she was soon to feel if her ass didn't hit a toilet ASAP. "You've sure got a fucking talent for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, Terry."

"Would that include when I agreed to be your girlfriend at a vandalised bus stop instead of at that garden centre?" She still knew the right tone to get under Rebecca's skin even with her bladder tearing her ability to think clearly apart. 

"Oh fuck you, Terry," shot back Rebecca, faux pissed off but very much full of piss. "Not a good idea at the moment I'm afraid, love. My cunt being unfucked is about the only thing keeping my jeans unfucked. And if you want another bit of unwanted Terry wisdom, Rebecca, we are not making it 40 miles home on the open motorway in this state." The admission instantly sent a wave of despair and desperation through both ladies, Terry squeezing for dear life as her body protested at her judgement by threatening to unlock the floodgates. "Tell me something my body isn't screaming from the rooftops at me," groaned Rebecca as doubled over for the briefest of moments. "I have to piss so absolutely fucking badly that I don't want to try driving at speed while it's distracting me. I'd rather piss myself right now than have a 1% higher chance of you getting hurt, Rebecca."

The words of love made Rebecca want to reach over and run her hands through her lover's blonde hair and bring her into a close cuddle... but that would definitely make them both piss their pants. "So you do have a tongue of gold to use in tough situations, Terry."

"I'd say yours is much better in tough situations, Rebecca." A quick wink told her that Terry wasn't talking about her sweet talking, her face warming up to match the heat burning down below. "Perhaps I'll use it well later," she remarked. "I fucking hope so," shot back Terry as she shifted her seatbelt to give her a moment of respite from it crushing her solid bladder bulge down. Rebecca could see how the blue denim of her jeans moulded around it, stretched taught and tight. 

"The signs back there said the next service station is gonna be another 25 miles," mentioned Rebecca. "Too far," said Terry plainly, "for both of us. "I'm gonna pull off on the next exit and head down the back roads. There has to be some dark side road we can pop a squat on." The thought of going ass out in the freezing rain at half past midnight wasn't the most inviting thought to Rebecca, but it was a lot more appealing than sitting in a traffic jam with cold piss slowly drying in her shorts. Everywhere was shut, the services were beyond reach, and she wasn't about to ask her partner to wet herself in her own car to be comfortable to drive her to a porcelain throne like a princess in a carriage. "Sounds like a plan, Terry."

Leaving the brightly lit and jam packed motorway for the back roads of rural England was quite the change of scenery. It isolated the couple in their own little world of pressure and desperation. Their own needs flared up as the mere thought of relief being closer than eternity melted through the locks on their floodgates at an alarming rates. Thighs rubbed frantically, hands pressed hard, pleas were whispered to failing muscles. Terry peered through the rain soaked darkness at high hedges and farmers fields that boxed the car in on tight paths that wound through idyllic countryside. Rebecca had closed her eyes and locked still beyond scissoring her legs together fast in an effort not to leak in her shorts. 

"Oh for fuck's sake, go away!!", shouted Terry as the lights of another vehicle lit the road before passing quickly. Every turn and patch of road was either too tight or some random farmer would come barrelling along in a 4x4 to break the illusion that this patch might be private enough to act as an emergency ladies room. "Come on, come on." She grit her teeth and kept scanning for a place to take a really badly needed pitstop. "Mmmff, I'm not gonna last much longer," grumbled Rebecca.

"My. Fucking. Bladder. Is. About. To. Explode," Terry's words were heavy, dripping with desperation. The pressure between her legs was now swelling closer and closer to breaking out, a surge of desperation gripping her as her gaze finally fell upon a closed wooden gate leading into a field. The entrance area was just large enough to squeeze the car in, the road beyond clear and dark. "Rebecca, get ready." She reached across and tapped her partner on the arm as she slowed down and turned in, slowing to a stop right by the gate.

The rain was loud as she flung the door open and threw off her seatbelt, the rising sharp shriek of her bladder finally realising relief was at hand running up her spine and causing her to shiver more than the cold as she swung her legs out into the downpour. Heels sank into mud and water as she launched herself off her seat and wobbled dangerously close to keeling over into it. The wine was nice for her spirits at the party, horrible for bladder control, and now it worked to try and sabotage her relief at the very last second. A surge of heat filled her pee hole, hands shaking, an embarrassing squeak and, "fuck!", echoing out as she yanked her bottoms down to her ankles and lowered to high squat, resting a hand back against the bodywork of the car. 

There wasn't any need to encourage it on. The flood rushed out to join the rain the moment her panties were out of the way, her body thankful to finally relax and give in to the pressure that had tortured it for so long. She could hear it pouring into the mud and the grass under her as no sense of relief hit her for several seconds. So full was her rock solid bladder, packed to the brim with hard held piss, that nothing felt different for a moment as it started to drain and shrink back down to size. When the relief and pleasure did hit, she couldn't help but sigh in relief. Her pants saved, her seat protected. It was only when the taps were almost dry that Rebecca realised she was alone by the side of the car.

There was no time for Terry to move. There was no strength left in Terry's bladder to make it outside of the car. There was only her relief that she knew Rebecca was having the piss of her life next to the car as her own bladder shattered into a thousand pieces. There was only her shaky sigh and moan as she let herself slump against the cold steering wheel, warm wee gushing out of her and filling her jeans. It spread through her panties in a heartbeat and started to pool under her ass, spreading under and over her thighs, a dark stain spreading across her crotch and the underside of her jeans as a yellow puddle glistened under the roof lights.

It was so fucking warm, so so fucking warm. She could feel the stream gushing straight through her panties, hear the hiss of her wetting herself all the way through the denim and over the downpour outside. Her driver's seat was ruined and soaked as the puddle spread across it and little rivers dripped down onto the floor. But at least Rebecca's seat was fine... and it did feel so good to finally feel her bladder empty itself out. She watched the bulge in her jeans disappear as her accident drew to a close.

Rebecca sat back down and closed the door gently, reaching over to rest her hand on her partner's denim jacket. "I know you're going to apologise," mumbled Terry as she lay slumped against the wheel, "It's not your fault at all, Rebecca, and I'm happy that you made it out clean." She rubbed Terry's back and leaned in to kiss her on the cheek. "It's all thanks to you, Terry. I'm so sorry you couldn't make it."

"What did I just say?", muttered Terry, leaning back and spreading her legs to inspect the damage. "What else am I supposed to say when my girlfriend wets herself in her car?", replied Rebecca, pulling the front of her jeans out to check her panties for any leaks. 

"How about that you love her very much, Rebecca?." Rebecca leaned over and kissed Terry on the lips. "Well I do love her so fucking much I could never put it into words. And wet jeans won't change that." Terry's face went red as she smiled and adjusted herself to drive again. "Well my princess weeing a little in her panties won't change the fact I love her more than the moon and the stars either," she teased as she turned the car around. Rebecca's denials and name calling would carry on all the way to the service station where they took another badly needed stop... by the side of the car at the back of the car park to save Terry from showing off her soaked jeans to the late night staff.

*002*2025-10-11 20:51

{{21 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Nice job, also are you going to write more adventures of miss Harrison and tom?

}}

I am but it might take a few days as I am feeling ill at the minute.

