Holding as long as I can

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2020-07-24 17:07

I started the day by forgoing my morning piss, and thinking I’m going to hold my pee for as long as I can while wanking.

My bladder felt full ish but I knew it would be a little while until I was bursting.

I decided I would have a cup of tea and some breakfast.

I then put some tv on to pass the time while my bladder filled up some more all the while drinking lots of water.

I started to feel a more urgent message at around midday, having woke up at 9am. I had 3 hours of extra liquid inside me now, so I was moving around at bit.

I decided because my bladder was filling quicker than I thought, I put on a pull up so it would contain the leaks later on.

A few more hours past and the urge to piss was at a high level and I knew it wouldn’t be long before I started leaking.

I got up to have a drink to stay hydrated.

As I stood up gravity hit my bladder with force causing me to leak a small spurt into my pull up. I clamped down on my dick and thought I better got to the bathroom because the flood that is going to come out it going to be big, so sitting in the bathtub would be an easier clean up.

I slowly hobbled my way over to the bathroom loosing a couple of spurts on the way.

My next challenge was getting into the bathtub, I knew lifting my leg will put more pressure on my bladder.

I did it but now without loosing a big spurt into my pull up, it was now pretty soaked.

I sat down in the bathtub and put my hand into my pull up to start stroking my dick, it felt good and I groaned. The pressure of my hand mixed with the fullness of my bladder was very pleasurable.

With a hand around my dick it was easier to keep the leaks in, cause when I felt a leak I would squeeze my dick to help stop it.

It was getting harder to stop the leaks but I wanted to cum first, because this felt so good.

I put my hand around my dick, I was already hard from holding my piss, and started stroking quicker trying to reach my orgasm.

I was now moaning with each stroke as pleasure pulsed through me.

Every few strokes a spurt of piss escaped.

But I knew I was getting close to release which one I wasn’t sure, whether I would cum or piss first who knows.

And then it happened, I exploded, I saw stars the pleasure was overwhelming. I shouted my release. Rope and ropes of cum mixed with lists shooting into my pull up which was now full to capacity and slowing leaking out.

As soon as I had finished cumming I got another release that I had craved for so long as my bladder took over and I moaned out loud as that pressure started to release.

The pull up no longer holding any piss, I ripped it open and just let my dick piss freely all over the bathtub, not caring I was getting covered in piss, because I was finally getting the relief.

After that intense orgasm and now this incredible sense of relief from pissing out gallons, from not pissing since 9pm the evening before it was now 3:30pm. I had not pissed in 18 and half hours.

Now wonder I feeling so much relief and that they piss feels likes inn every ending.

My piss finally starts to trail off.

I look down at myself I am covered in piss and my pull up is still attached to one leg, cause in my haste to free my pissing dick I only opened one side.

My pull up is soaked with piss and cum, piss is still dripping out of it and I am glad I decided to do this in the bathtub cause this would have been hell to clean up

