New at school and still shy

Author: Lukhas

*000*2019-03-19 20:50

My parents moved last summer to the new city and I must start at the new school at the same city. It was not easy because I was little bit shy and it took some time to get used to it.

This day in the middle of the November we are going to the cinema to watch some documents about 2. worlds war. Our school is closed for this day because there is a election day to municipal councils. I still do not have any friends but I do not have any enemies so it is ok for me. It could be worse.

Cinema was good. I like documents and history so for me it was well spent time. After cinema our teacher looks on her watches "Oh, there is a 11.45 I think we should catch a bus at 12:05". I say for me self "it takes 15 min. to stop so we have 5 min. more". Class is ready to go and I feel that I need to the bathroom not bad but I can feel the constant pressure in my bladder. "OK, it is not long to stop and not long to take bus to our stop". Moreover- I am too shy to ask and I do not want that all class wait for me, that they know that I am in the bathroom.

November weather is not good here. In my old place it was some rain but not snow or too heavy wind. But here- something between snow and rain and wind, cold wind. Suddenly I feel that I need much more. But what now- we are hurring up the bus, there is no place to go and we do not have a so much time. I can see fast food reataurant. They have bathrooms, ok I must ask in front of a class. I am thinking about it all the way to fast food and I am trying to take a courage. "Miss teacher can I go to the bathroom here in this reataurant? I am back in a minute".

"Yes of course, anybody else"? asks teacher. No only me alone. I feel super, now I am going to the bathroom, pee and we can go to the stop and drive to school. I am proud of myself.

The doors are locked. Oh, fuck! What it means? There is a sign with text: key is at the cash. But can I ask for it, I am not customer, there is a line in front of cash, class wait for me, bus goes in 7 min.....

No, I am going out, I can hold it, it will be warm on the bus. "Is everything ok" asks teacher and I reply that yes. Finally we are on the bus and there is a warmer than outside and I can sit and it helps me.

After short time is my need back. I am shaking with my body, trying to be discreet but out teacher notices it.

"Lukas what is wrong with you? Are you cold?"

"Ehhh, I think I need to go to the bathroom" I reply

"Bathroom? You was there in that restaurant...short time ago, right?"

"Yes or no... there was closed bathroom"

Oh, but now I cannot do it something for you, try to hold it, I am sorry, you should ask for key"

I am in a bad situation, oh fuck. I am at this class 2,5 months and maybe I pee myself in front of classmates. It cannot happen. I'm going to the back of the bus maybe if I will stand so it will be better. Suddenly I am feeling a little spurt of my pee between my legs. I am in panic and try hold one my hand in my crotch. It helps maybe some seconds and now I am peeing in my jeans. Not all but 20-25 second, enough to make it visible.

$$

*004*2019-03-23 07:50

{{On 3/20/2019 at 1:37 PM, Spectator9 said:

Shyness can make it very awkward when you must announce your need to pee to someone in order to get permission to go, or to request a key for the rest room. Both boys and girls have this problem, but it can be more embarrassing for boys, since some people think they should be stronger and more assertive. And once you've missed the chance to get relief, holding it may not be possible.

The picture added to the story! I'm guessing that this comes from a real-life experience.

}}

Yes, I can agree. I have always been shy to ask for bathroom and sometimes I pee myself. I often hold my pee all school day. After school I hurried at my home and often had accidents in front of my home or on the way to my home. But it was usually without witnesses so it was ok.

This story was about what could happen. I needed to pee but I hold it to our school. We could go home after we arrived in front of school, we needed to take our school bags. I hurried up to bathroom but I peed myself on way to the bathroom. I waited on the bathroom a long time and hoped that nobody of my classmates waited for me. When I was out, nobody waited for me so I went at home. So I managed to hide my accident but I still imagine that I could not hold it on the bus in front of my calssmates.

