Cynthia craps her pants in front of you (Pokemon)

Author: LeakLife

*000*2021-04-14 13:31

(1591 words)

Your Vikavolt lands a powerful Thunderbolt, which is enough to knock out your opponent’s Charizard. Your opponent, an Ace trainer, sighs, retracting his Pokemon back into her Pokeball. You take a moment to feed your Vikavolt a Pokebean for a good job before sending it back into his Ultra Ball. You celebrate, now moving to the next battle in the Battle Tree.

After becoming the brand new champion of the Alola region, you were invited to the Battle Tree, where only the strongest trainers can battle with each other. You sometimes wonder why it took them until you beat the League before they allowed you in, considering they let in people with only 2 or 3 grand trials under their belt. Oh well.

A nurse comes up to you, bringing a portable healing machine with her. You place your Pokeballs on the counter, used to this by now.

As your Pokemon start to heal, you notice the body language of the nurse. She seems to be squirming around, as if she’s in a hurry. Upon seeing that her crotch is being held by her hands, you figure out her predicament. She doesn’t seem to notice, looking behind her in the distance.

Due to the nurse’s problems, you are reminded of your own. You haven’t used the bathroom since early in the morning, and it was about 11:00 am right now. Taking a break from the thrill of battle, you only now realize how much you need to go. You can feel the urine inside your bladder. Now that you think about it, you also need to take a crap as well. You hear your stomach rumble, but the nurse once again seems to ignore it. You could probably take one more battle before a break, though.

You hear a short little dingle and look at the healing machine, seeing that your Pokemon have been fully healed. The nurse, trying to be as inconspicuous as possible, grabs the healing machine and tries her best to fast-walk her way down the spiral of wood.

“Must be tedious.” you mutter to yourself. Every time you’ve won a battle, you’ve gotten a few feet higher up the tree-house-like structure. Considering you’ve won about 40 consecutive battles in the span of three days, you’re willing to bet that this wasn’t the first time the nurse was getting close to an accident.

You get ready for the next battle. You walk up the wooden floor attached to the tree, wondering who you’ll have to battle next. Eventually, you walk onto a large, open battle arena with a designated battle area on the floor. You stand here, waiting for your opponent.

You become surprised to see Champion Cynthia walking to the other side of the arena.

You’ve seen Cynthia on the news before. You know that she used to be one of the most powerful champions of all time, having the longest time enlisted as a Champion at a whopping 5 years. Even after she lost her title, she still trained her Pokemon-battling skills. She’s known today for her battling ability along with her strong team of Pokemon, especially her Garchomp.

This would be a tough battle.

“Well, looks like it’s the new Alola champion.” Cynthia says to you. She flashes one of her Ultra Balls at you. “I must say, the champion title is quite impressive. But you’ve only held it for a few weeks. Can you beat a champion who’s trained for years?”

She stops her small talk, seemingly noticing your problem. You blush, realizing that you weren’t doing a good at hiding your bathroom needs. Cynthia is trying her hardest to get rid of the small smirk on her face, but it can be seen clear as day. She then perks up, as if she had an idea.

“Well, it seems you need to go to the bathroom.” Cynthia says to you. Your face turns red without you even realizing at first. “Honestly, I need to go as well.” she admits. “The Malasadas over at Hau’oli City weren’t very compatible with my stomach.” She pauses. You could have sworn you heard a fart come out from Cynthia, but you aren’t completely sure.

“Let’s make this a bit more interesting. Whoever loses this battle has to let go and void their bowels on the spot.” Cynthia suggests. You think about her bizarre request. You have been hoping for a challenge for a while, and not only have you finally gotten it, you have some extra incentive to win.

You agree with the terms of the battle, and Cynthia’s smile widens.

“Great. Let’s battle. Good luck.”

You start your battle with Cynthia. You’ve heard of her battle prowess, and she’s as tough as you expected. You’re surprised as you send out your Salandit only for it to be quickly disposed of by Cynthia’s Lucario hitting it with a Stone Edge.

As the battle continues, both of you try your hardest to take down the other’s team. As you give orders to your Turtonator, you almost lose control. You feel a few drops of pee exit your bladder, creating a very miniscule stain in your underwear. You’re able to feel a bit of warmth, and you’re glad Cynthia isn’t able to see. She seems to be struggling as well. She releases another fart, this one loud and clear. Cynthia tries to fan away the air with her hands. You take advantage of her distraction to land a powerful Flamethrower on her Togekiss.

After a good 8 minutes of battling, you have your Decidueye finish off Cynthia’s last Pokemon, Garchomp, with a Leaf Blade. As it faints, Cynthia sighs, defeated. She sends her Pokemon back into her Pokeball. With another victory under your belt, you pump your fists in the air, having defeated such a strong trainer. Then you remember your little deal with her.

“Well, I will say, I may have underestimated you.” Cynthia admits. “I was really hoping to beat you, but a deal is a deal.” She turns around, her butt facing you. She squats and lifts her long, black dress, ready to give you a show.

You watch in awe as you start to hear Cynthia grunt, seemingly trying to push it out. You fully expected her to bail out of the deal, but it seems that she keeps to her word. She squats down even lower, and you hear yet another hot fart come from Cynthia’s rear end. From what it seems, it looks like she’s unsure if she should actually poop her pants in front of someone she’s only known for 10 minutes.

You then hear a crackling noise, and as you expect, you can start to make out a growing bulge in Cynthia’s pants-covered rump. You can hear her gasp as she excretes her feces into her improv toilet. One by one, another log of feces enters Cynthia’s underwear. You wonder what kind of underwear she’s wearing, but then try to shake away the lewd question. The bulge in her pants gets bigger, and starts to sink to the ground a bit.

Throughout the entire process, Cynthia releases several farts, ranging from loud braps to silent-but-deadlies to poppy, short farts. You start to realize that whatever underwear Cynthia was wearing wasn’t very tight, because some of the feces starts to fall out of Cynthia’s underwear and drop into her pants instead. Cynthia is clearly surprised by this. By now, the pooping has stopped, but the back of her pants are filled with her waste.

“That… was embarrassing.” Cynthia tells you, blushing as she turns around. “I’ll... be taking my leave now.” Clearly embarrassed due to her self-inflicted predicament, she throws out a Pokeball, releasing a Ride Charizard specifically meant for air travel. She waddles to the fire-flying type dragon, trying not to get the poop anywhere else on her body. Sitting on a saddle, she waves to you one last time before soaring away, presumably to find a private place to change.

You look at her as she flies away, thinking about how strange she was. She was a nice sport, at the least. Unfortunately, only now do you remember your bathroom needs. In fact, as you look down, you can already see that you’ve peed yourself a bit. You can feel the warmth on your shorts, and there’s a small stain there to show to the world that you pissed yourself.

As you try to wait for the nurse to come back, you can’t hold it any longer. You can’t fight your urges, and you watch as you release your bladder. Your underwear and shorts quickly become soaked, and you can feel an immense warmth coming from your clothes. Unfortunately, while your front side is filled with pee, your backside starts to be filled with feces.

The first log slips out of your anus and into your underwear, signaled by a crackling noise. You give up, powerless at this point. Another pellet comes out, and a few more, with some farts in between. You sigh, and you check the damage with your hand. The bulge, while not as big as Cynthia's, is still quite big and very noticeable.

The nurse comes back up the tree, this time panting out of exhaustion. She notices your predicament, but luckily, she doesn’t ask questions. You tell her that you no longer wish to continue. She nods and writes on a sheet of paper what your current battle streak is. You’re so embarrassed, you don’t even notice that the nurse has a yellow stain on her skirt.

