Promises Are Made to be Broken

Author: laposit19

*000*2019-12-10 15:38

This is my first story here, so feedback is appreciated. This is based in part on real events, and I intend on it being many parts. It may start kind of slow, but it’ll pick up.

One summer evening after my junior year of college, I wanted to throw a party. It was going to be a mix of guys and girls - some of my guy friends from high school, and a bunch of girls a year younger than I that I knew through a family friend.

I had known this family friend, Emily, for years. Our families did everything together, and we eventually had our share of sexual encounters. We told each other everything - the typical “there for each other through the best and the worst of times.” She was rather attractive, around 5’ 2” with blonde hair, blue eyes, an athletic build, and a bubbly personality. We grew somewhat apart when we went to different colleges, but we still talked. This particular summer evening, we had decided to throw a joint party at my uncle’s cabin on a lake. That’s where I had one of the most memorable nights of my life.

My friends are flakes, and none of them showed up. None. They made up various excuses, but in the end, it was me and five girls (not the worst scenario, to be sure). I had concocted a jungle juice for the ages, and we began drinking and playing games into the night. I was flirting hard with one of the girls (not Emily), and it was well reciprocated.

We had begun playing truth or dare (somewhat childish, but we were pretty drunk) when I dared her to jump into the lake. One unforeseen consequence of this was that cold water tends to sober people up, and once we were all in the lake, the girls realized that 2AM was probably bedtime (much to my chagrin). The girl who I was flirting with was originally going to sleep in my room, but sober(er) her decided it was a better idea to sleep in a different one. The bed she took was supposed to be Emily’s, so I invited her to stay in mine. Since nothing sexual had happened between us for years, we both had assumed that chapter had closed.

We got into bed, and I realized that my clothes were still damp.

“My clothes are still damp from the lake, sorry about that.”

“Well, you can just take them off,” she replied while batting her beautiful blue eyes at me. For once in my life, I came up with a witty response, probably due to the booze.

“Well, maybe you should too then.”

She smiled and we both stripped down to our underwear. I slowly moved towards her, and kissed her lips tenderly. The situation quickly escalated.

After sex, we both laid down and began talking.

“I miss knowing everything about your life, and telling you about mine,” Emily said as she nestled against my chest.

“I agree, telling you almost everything was so nice.” I realized my mistake immediately. She sat bolt upright and looked me in the eyes.

“ALMOST? What haven’t you told me?!” Of course, that one thing had been related to my fetish for girls having accidents in their pants, day or night, and wearing pull-up style underwear. I figured this was sharing too much, so I said it was “nothing.” She kept bugging me for the next twenty minutes, clearly refusing to let it go. So, drunk me reasoned that if I couldn’t tell this girl, who I knew wouldn’t tell a soul and on whom I had plenty of dirt, I couldn’t tell anyone. So, I took the plunge.

“If I tell you, you have to promise that you won’t say anything to a single soul. It would destroy me if you did,” I said with the most serious face I could muster while my heart was pounding like a runaway jackhammer.

“Have I ever told anyone anything? Besides, you know plenty about me that I wouldn’t want spread. I promise.” I stared into her expectant blue eyes, and sighed.

“I get turned on when girls wet their pants and/or wear pull-ups.”

Emily just looked at me, her eyebrow cocked. She had a small smile that began to grow.

“Huh, not what I expected you to say.” I decided to keep going further because the reaction was decent.

“Well I mean, it’s not that much of a turn on (a lie), but it’s kinda nice.” We talked about when she stopped wetting the bed normally (aged 5) and about the time I tried to hold her back from going to the bathroom (it made sense now) and how I had never seen a girl pee her pants before (she was surprised, because she says it happens a lot when girls are drunk). I then took a ballsy plunge.

“What would you think about wearing one?”

“What do you mean?”

“A pull-up. My college-aged cousin only stopped wetting the bed a few years ago and there should be some leftovers in the closet.”

She looked at me mischievously.

“Well what do I get out of it?”

“The best sex you’ve ever had,” I responded with an equal amount of mischief in my voice. Emily smirked and looked at me.

“Go get it,” she whispered. I scrambled out of the bed quicker than I ever could have expected myself to in my current state. I yanked a girls Goodnite out of the package in the back of the closet and gave it to her. She laughed while holding it.

“Never thought I’d be back in these. It’s too small!”

“I promise it’s not, just try.” I would’ve said anything to get her into those training pants. She sat down on the bed and slowly pulled it up over her hips. It fit perfectly, and she laughed some more.

“Wanna do a twirl for me?” I asked with a wink. She stood up and slowly turned around, allowing me to see the tight Goodnite hugging her butt and perfectly framing her crotch. I grabbed her and thrust her onto the bed while she giggled, and started touching her through her pull-up. She moaned, and I understood that she was getting some pleasure out of the arrangement. We proceeded to have our best sex ever.

After, I rolled over and whispered in Emily’s ear.

“If you hadn’t peed before bed we could have had even more fun in the morning.”

She rolled her eyes and said “be glad I’m going to sleep in this thing for you,” and went to bed.

I woke up first, and nudged her awake. Once Emily got a feel for her surroundings, she immediately tugged the (obviously dry) Goodnite down her legs.

“What do I do with this?”

“You could always save it for another time,” I teased. That got an eye roll, and instead she put it back into the recesses of the closet. We all left the house pretty soon after that, but in fact, the fun was just beginning.

*004*2019-12-16 16:02

Here’s the next part. A little bit of a slow start again, but I think it’s important scene-setting. As you can tell from the end, it’s going to heat up.

My family is pretty close with Emily’s, so much so that we went on various vacations together. In addition to myself, my family consists of my younger sister and a younger brother, Lydia and John, while Emily has the same, Isabelle and Andy. Many people thought Isabelle was the most attractive of our group - she had the same blue eyes and blonde hair that Emily had, but was taller, at 5’ 6”, and had longer legs and a similarly athletic frame. I had no interest in Isabelle - I’d known her forever, and she was Lydia’s best friend. Besides, I had Emily. Lydia and Isabelle were only 3 years younger than me, and the boys 6 years, so we all got along pretty well.

The winter after the party at the lake house, our families went on a joint vacation to Thailand. Our families had rented two houses on an island, one down the road from the other, with the kids staying in one and the parents in another. We had also rented scooters to get around.

On one of the final days of the vacation, we decided to scooter over to the parent house in order to get together and start our day. The scooters were each for two people, and the pairings were as expected - Emily and myself, Lydia and Isabelle, and John and Andy.

We had never discussed what had happened at the lake house - as I mentioned in the last chapter, that encounter was sort of a blip on the sexual radar between us. Our relationship was back as it always had been - being open with each other and comfortable in the fact that we had told each other everything. Of course, I harbored hope that one day we could rekindle some of the excitement we had found there, because she was the only person who knew about my interests, but I knew that it would probably have to wait until the next summer. It would’ve been quite the move to bring pull-ups with me on the trip!

John and Andy led the way to the parent house, with Isabelle and Lydia in the middle and myself and Emily taking up the rear. As we pulled into the neighborhood, we had to swing a tight left turn onto the house’s street. John and Andy sped around it and out of sight. As Isabelle and Lydia began their turn, it seemed that Isabelle (who was driving) misjudged its sharpness - the scooter accelerated while it was still turning, and they were helpless as they sped into a large tree.

The girls were thrown from their scooter onto the grass at the side of the road - it looked like it happened in slow motion. I slammed on the brakes and dismounted as quickly as I could. Emily is pretty squeamish - I calmly told her to go get the parents (my mom is a doctor) as quickly as she could, so she’d avoid any blood there might be. She slowly nodded, clearly in shock, and raced away.

I scrambled over to my sister, who was sitting in the grass, dazed. Thankfully, both girls had been wearing helmets, but Lydia looked confused.

“What’s going on?” she asked. She appeared to be concussed, so I calmly brought her into some shade beneath some bushes.

“Just wait here, lay down and you’ll feel better.” I then walked over to Isabelle, who was sitting up.

Isabelle was shaking, but it didn’t look like she had many injuries. Her leg was bruised, and I saw blood coming from the front of her sneaker. She looked at me, lost.

“Just relax Isabelle, I’m gonna take your shoe off, okay? Just hold on.” I slowly started untying her shoe - she started shaking a little harder. I put one hand in the small of her back to support her as I pulled off the sneaker and sock. Thankfully, she had only lost a toenail. But the blood and the sight of the lost nail caused her to start sobbing softly, and her shaking continued. I guided her head onto my shoulder to relax her a little, which pulled the bottom of her shirt up high enough to expose the top of her dark pink lacy bikini-cut underwear.

“It’s okay - Emily went to get the parents, you’ll be okay soon.” She just kept shaking.

And that’s when I heard the hissing.

I thought that maybe the sprinklers had turned on, but I couldn’t see anything. Then, I looked over at Isabelle. Her tight, light blue denim short shorts were beginning to get dark around the crotch - the lacy underwear was providing little resistance to her involuntary flood. And it really was a flood. It seemed like her whole bladder was dumping itself into her pants. Her shorts were getting wet almost up to her waist, and pee began forming a puddle beneath her and spreading between her long, fit legs down to her knees. This carried on for at least 45 seconds - her head on my shoulder, her pee in her pants. Due to the warm air, and her shock, I don’t think she really noticed what was happening in the moment. But as the pee subsided, so did her sobs. She slowly stopped shaking, and just relaxed as we waited.

Emily arrived at that moment, by herself on our scooter. She jumped off and ran over to us.

“Oh my god, how’s my little sister doing? Is she gonna be okay? The parents should be here any second, thank you so much for-“ she cut herself off as she saw what had happened to Isabelle’s bladder. She slowly looked back up at me, and I could see fury in her eyes, which was a bit confusing.

“I swear to fucking god, if your twisted mind is getting turned on by my SISTER’s accident while she’s sitting here hurt, I’m gonna fucking kill you.” My eyes widened as Isabelle picked her head up from my shoulder and looked down at her soaked crotch, and then up at me. She didn’t seem embarrassed, or mad - just confused.

“Wait, having an accident in my pants is a turn on for you?” I just stared at Emily, my eyes narrowing and becoming dull. Hers immediately softened and widened.

“Oh my god - I am SO SO sorry, I didn’t mean to say anything, oh my god I feel so bad.” I sat there, unmoving, stewing with anger. I couldn’t believe she had said that - I was stunned in madness.

At that moment, the parents arrived and tended to the girls. They loaded Lydia into a car to be taken back to the house to lay down, and Isabelle (with her mom’s sweatshirt wrapped around her waist) went into a taxi en route to the local clinic. The rest of us boarded our scooters to go back to the kid house to have a calm afternoon of card playing and waiting for Isabelle to return. Emily made a move to board my scooter but I twisted the throttle and took off. There was no chance I was going to look at her, let alone talk to her, after that. My biggest secret, aired to a blabbering younger sister, and out in the open. The truth was, I was too far into the “zone” to get turned on by Isabelle’s accident, which made me all the more mad about the comment - it was completely unnecessary.

I avoided Emily for the rest of the day, and Isabelle soon returned in a pair of gym shorts given to her by the clinic, a conspicuous plastic bag at her side. The parents, after checking on the girls many more times, made their way back to their house after dinner, and we all went to our rooms. I was still furious with Emily, and avoided both her and Isabelle the entire evening.

As I was laying in my bed and reading, I heard a soft knock at my door. I had a hunch about who it was, and refused to answer. After a couple more knocks, the door slowly opened (damn non-locking doors) and Emily’s blue eyes peered in at me. I still refused to look. She walked in and sat on the edge of my bed, with Isabelle joining her and shutting the door. I didn’t take my eyes off of my book, but Emily started talking anyways.

“Listen, I can’t express how sorry I am for that comment. It was obviously in the heat of the moment, but I still shouldn’t have betrayed your trust. That was a terrible thing for me to do, as your friend and your confidant. I’ll do whatever I can to make it up to you.” Isabelle piped up after her.

“And I swear, I won’t tell anyone. I’m sorry I peed my pants in the first place, this all wouldn’t have happened without that. We’ll do anything to make this up to you.”

Finally, I looked at them. They both looked so apologetic, with their blue eyes batting and little tears at the corners of Emily’s eyes. I knew I would forgive them, but there was no way I was going to let them off this easy. The wheels started turning in my head - I quickly came up with my plan.

“You know, this is going to take a lot to repay me. This is my biggest secret, and having it out to multiple people is really nerve wracking for me.” They both nodded quickly and continued looking on, expectantly. I took a deep breath, and took a shot.

“I felt incredibly embarrassed in that moment, and there’s only one way I can think of that you will each feel that embarrassment too, all while I get a nice experience. You each, at my discretion, will have to pee your pants four times - whenever I say so. Doesn’t matter if it’s day or night, alone or in a group. AND, you each have to wear a Goodnite for 24 hours - one time each, but again, at my discretion, whether I’m with you or not. And if you refuse to do it when I say so - then three more ‘experiences’ of the one you decline will be added.”

They stared. Mouths slightly agape, clearly processing the request. I knew it was a big one - but I was going to be firm in my anger. Emily spoke first.

“Oh come on, isn’t that a bit over the top? I know you were embarrassed, but really? Five different things for each of us?” I just stared, tight-lipped and narrow-eyed. Isabelle spoke up quietly.

“Listen, this will be super embarrassing, but I get it. It’s your deepest darkest secret, and if this will make you feel better...I guess I’ll do it.” Emily looked surprised.

“Really? Even though you didn’t do anything to deserve the punishment?”

“Yeah, I mean, we’ll just be able to say we laughed too hard, or something. It’ll be quick and easier than you think.”

“And the pull-up?”

“Yeah, that’s tougher, but it’s just a day. We can get through it.” Emily sighed, and looked at me.

“Then we will be back on good terms? If we make this deal?” I finally smiled.

“Of course.” Emily looked at Isabelle once more, and then back at me.

“Okay, then you have a deal.”

*008*2020-01-13 15:53

Here’s the next part! Thanks for the feedback, I appreciate all of it.

I got to cash in on my deal for the first time a couple of months later when our families went skiing together. We had rented a big house near the slopes, and since we were all relatively good at skiing we spent most of the days as a group on the mountain.

This was the first time I had seen either Emily or Isabelle since Thailand. Obviously, this also meant the first opportunity to act on the deal. We hadn’t spoken of it since, but my relationship with Emily had been back to normal - infrequent texting and widespread sharing. But I knew she had remembered - it’d be lurking in the back of her mind until one of us broached the subject.

Because I had eight opportunities to see attractive girls pee in their pants, not to mention another couple of times where they’d be wearing protection, I knew that I’d want to enforce the deal at my first chance (as I had a bounty of arrows in my quiver so to speak). I hadn’t seen or spoken to Isabelle since our trip - as Lydia’s friend (and someone younger than I), we didn’t have an ongoing dynamic outside of the family excursions. But I knew one thing - I didn’t care which girl it was, but someone was going to wet themselves. I was just waiting for the right timing.

The timing appeared even better than I could’ve hoped on the second ski day of the trip. I was riding up on a four-person chairlift with Emily, Isabelle, and Lydia. Emily was sitting on my right, with the other two girls to the right of her.

“I’m getting tired and the light is getting bad - last run?” Lydia asked the group.

“Oh come on Lydia, you know it’s bad luck to call last run!” Isabelle jokingly responded. Emily and I agreed to it - the day was about done anyway, and two days of skiing had worn on us.

I noticed Emily shift a little as she responded - this wasn’t really noticeable, but the subtle leg rub after caught my goggled eye. I had known this girl forever, and I certainly knew when she had to pee. Her most telltale sign was when she moved her shapely legs together lightly, sometimes followed by a subtle shimmy if she was standing up. The latter obviously wasn’t possible, but the former had definitely just happened.

As we reached the top, I hatched a brief plan. We unloaded from the chair, and skied over to the right side. The girls looked at me for guidance as to which trail we’d be taking.

“Let’s do Tempest - a nice blue square as a cool down.” The girls nodded and started to go, and as they did I deftly grabbed Emily’s upper arm. The other two girls just kept going - it’s almost impossible to have peripheral vision or hear any sounds over the wind and crunching of snow and ice. Besides, as the elder and better skiers, Emily and I usually were in the back.

Emily looked up at me through her lightly tinted goggles - her blue eyes fluttering as if in a breeze.

“What’s up?” She asked innocently. My goggles, on the other hand, are completely tinted, so she didn’t know I was staring as she lightly rubbed her legs together.

“I’m cashing in on one instance of our deal now.” I smiled and her mouth formed a little “O” while her eyes widened. I could see her start to panic slightly.

“Here? Right now? Oh come on, do I have to? I really don’t want to. I’ll get all cold, and uncomfortable, and clammy....” I cut her off.

“A deal’s a deal, remember? Plus, no one will notice because it’ll stay inside of your snowpants. It’ll be between you and I - I’m going easy on you the first time.” I chuckled at that. She started glancing around at the other skiers coming off of the lift.

“Right here in public? I’m not sure if I can.”

“No no, let’s ski over to those glades (a heavily wooded trail). No one will be there at this time of day.” I could see the reluctance in her face as she bit her lower lip - something she knew was a huge turn on for me. We slowly made our way into the trees, where there was no wind and it was relatively quiet. We stood facing each other, as she kept rubbing her thighs together and looking at me nervously. Finally, she sighed.

“I guess I’d better get it over with - you’re lucky I have to pee or I may not have been able to make myself go.”

“And don’t be thinking about just going a little - this has to be a full-on wetting for it to count.” She gave me a little smile - her first since I had enforced the deal.

“Oh come on, you really think I’d try and get out of it on a technicality? If I’m gonna pee in my pants, I might as well get some relief while I’m at it.” Her cheeks had a little color as she said that, but I noticed her glance down at the tent my snowpants had pitched.

She exhaled and closed her eyes. After some more squirming and a couple of lip nibbles, I began to hear a muted hissing - loud enough for someone trying hard to hear, but too quiet otherwise due to the snowpants. This went on for 30 seconds or so - clearly she had needed a bathroom break. Her white snowpants didn’t show a single drop - nobody would be the wiser.

When she was done, Emily opened her eyes and batted them at me.

“Um, I think I had a little accident.” I barked a laugh, and smiled mischievously.

“It’s ok, I’m sure it happens to lots of girls on the ski slopes.” She wiggled up to me (as close as she could while on skis) and grabbed the tentpole on my front.

“I’m sure you wish it did,” she whispered. I leaned down and gave her a brief, but passionate, kiss on the mouth. She giggled and drew away while I kept smiling.

“Maybe it does, who knows?” She laughed.

“Honestly, wouldn’t surprise me. It feels weird, like warm but also a little wet....Anyway, what’re we gonna tell everyone as to why we’re so far behind?”

“Let’s say we decided to take a glade, you fell, and we had to find your ski.” She put on a little pout.

“Why do I have to be the one who fell?” I smiled back.

“Because it has to be believable!” She laughed and started to ski to the bottom, and I followed behind.

When we got to the bottom, we took off our skis and put them on the rack. Emily walked up to me and whispered in my ear.

“I was so right - it’s getting cold now! It felt kind of nice in the moment but now it’s kind of uncomfortable and I can smell it. You’re the worst.” I smiled.

“A deal’s a deal! Don’t worry, I can’t smell it. I’m glad you enjoyed your ‘accident’ while it was warm, though.” That comment got a punch in the arm as we made our way into the lodge - Emily subtly waddling in such a way that no one would notice unless they were actively searching for it. We got to the rest of our families, and quickly relayed the falling story when asked as to where we had been.

We began taking our helmets and boots off, when Emily and Isabelle’s mom spoke up.

“So guys, we were thinking about walking into town and going straight to get food because it’s later than we thought - so no snowpants and ski jackets in the restaurant. Put on nicer clothes if you brought them, but otherwise leggings are fine.” She didn’t think this was a major request - we had done the same thing on previous ski trips.

But Emily immediately turned the color of a strawberry, and I could feel her start to breathe heavily next to me. I glanced over, and her eyes were wild and nervous. She made eye contact with me, and I was torn. I genuinely felt bad, because this was really unexpected, but also incredibly turned on and not all that sorry (because she HAD embarrassed me pretty badly back in Thailand, and showing wet pants to family would inevitably be part of the deal). I gave her my “I’m sorry” eyes and shrugged lightly before she licked her lips and attempted to calm herself.

“Do we have to mom? My snowpants are pretty nice, I don’t think it’ll be a big deal.” Her mom gave her a stern look.

“No, Emily, we need to look decent for the restaurant. Your jacket will look nice with your gray leggings!” Emily just stared at her feet. Isabelle began looking over questioningly, wondering why her normally cooperative sister wouldn’t change. By this point, everyone had gotten ready except for Emily. Her mom was beginning to get annoyed.

“Come on Emily, what’s the hold up? Let’s go!” Emily spoke quietly.

“Can you come here for a second? I have to tell you something.” Her mom was busy though - everyone was. We were all packing up while Emily just sat there.

“No, hun, we’re packing. Just tell me from there.” Emily sighed, looked at me sadly, and spoke up.

“When I fell on our way down, I sorta had an accident in my pants.” Everyone stopped moving and stared at Emily. Pretty college girls weren’t supposed to pee their pants, so the stunned silence wasn’t exactly surprising. Isabelle made eye contact with me and raised an eyebrow - I think she knew it was me because Emily hadn’t had any accidents in the recent past that we knew of. I gave a little nod, and she rolled her eyes slightly. Isabelle went and sat next to the crestfallen Emily.

“It’s ok, Em, it could’ve happened to anyone, even me or him,” punctuated by a pronounced point at me. Emily sniffled.

“Don’t worry honey, we can go home and change if you want. But we’re all family here - can you do me a favor and lower your snowpants so we can see if it’s that bad? If it’s not I can give you a sweatshirt to tie around your waist.” Emily’s eyes widened.

“MOM?! Seriously?” Her mom softly rubbed Emily’s shoulder.

“Hun, there’s no one left except for our family and theirs, and no one will judge you. Come on, it’ll be quick.” Emily huffed and stood up.

“Ugh, if this will get you off of my back,” and yanked down her snowpants.

Soaked was the first word to come to mind. The gray leggings were still drenched, especially from my rear view, where the dark gray started about a quarter of the way up her round butt and continued in two long streaks down her legs to the back of her knees. The tightness of the leggings clearly kept the pee inside - it had spread across the entire width of her butt and began to show the outline of the soft lace of her underwear. As she spun around to pull her snowpants back up, I caught a glimpse of an equally soaked crotch and front. We made brief eye contact - hers were a blend of anger and “happy now?”, while mine were stunned and turned on. Her mom stuttered as she saw the mass of the wetness.

“Ok Em, we’ll go home first. Is that okay everyone?” We all nodded, and headed out. Emily grabbed my arm as I walked past.

“Thank god it was just our families, you’re the worst.” I smirked back.

“Don’t get too comfortable in that - it won’t be like that every time.” Her eyes widened and I gave her a brief hug. She hesitated, and then hugged me back. There was an understanding - a deal’s a deal.

As I walked back, watching Emily waddle in front of me, Isabelle came up next to me and whispered in my ear.

“Is this as bad as this deal is gonna be? That was pretty embarrassing.” I smiled at her bright blue eyes and chuckled.

“You know it can get worse,” I said, and walked after the shimmying Emily.

*015*2020-02-09 14:39

Work has gotten a little crazy recently, but I’ve got plenty of parts planned so they may come out a little slower but I still plan on releasing them. Thanks for all of the positive feedback - here’s the next one!

After I graduated from college, a bunch of families went out to dinner to celebrate. We reserved a big room at a restaurant a few towns away, which was needed since the invite list had no less than 30-40 people on it. Of course, Emily and her family were coming, and when I was looking over the list before we left for dinner it occurred to me that I should give myself a little grad present through my deal.

I had refrained from using any more of the deal during our ski trip, because I wanted it to be spread out enough where I could milk the enjoyment. Emily and Isabelle seemed to appreciate it - this made Emily’s “accident” on the ski slopes seem like a one-time thing. I knew I wouldn’t always decide to wait until the next occasion - I wanted to see how people reacted to one (or two) attractive girls peeing their pants multiple times during a week. But for now, I would certainly enjoy the very public one-off wettings that I was experiencing.

When my family got to the restaurant, we waited outside for everyone else to join. One family arrived before Emily and Isabelle’s, friends of my brothers’, and then they got there. Another family arrived at the same time as Emily’s - we had also known them forever, and they had three boys and one girl (who was Emily’s best friend since childhood).

Everyone sidled up to me to give their congratulations’, the typical party line, and then retreated into their social circles. I noticed that Emily’s friend was walking a little funny, and she seemed to be very keen on pulling her dress down even though she was wearing tights. Her eyes were also darting around nervously - it was odd behavior to be sure, but I filed it into the back of my mind for later.

Emily and her friend were talking in one corner, and Isabelle and Lydia in another. Once again, I had no preference as to who I would cash in my deal with, and when Lydia broke off to go to the bathroom I seized my chance. I walked up to Isabelle and we both smiled, but she didn’t understand what was about to happen.

“So, I’m cashing in on our deal for the first time. You have to pee your pants during dinner.” Isabelle’s face changed to a mixture of surprise and nerves.

“What?! But there are so many people that we know here! Plus, Emily didn’t have to wet herself in front of everyone - you couldn’t even see it on her pants! Look at what I’m wearing! It’s not like I brought spare clothes to dinner.” This gave me the opportunity to imagine Isabelle after peeing in her pants (not a bad image at all). She was wearing tight, light denim jeans with tiny rips on the thighs for style. This went nicely with her sea foam green shirt and her bright blue eyes.

“At least you’re wearing sandals, and maybe you should start bringing spare clothes to places, based on Thailand” I half-joked.

“A deal’s a deal, you remember that.” She still looked nervous.

“But how am I supposed to do it subtly during dinner? Like, I have to be sitting there?”

“Yup, you have to be at the table, in your seat. And remember - no little wettings. You have to completely pee your pants for it count.”

“I know, I know, I’m not a dealbreaker. Ok, maybe when someone tells a joke really loudly I’ll laugh and focus on wetting myself and hopefully it happens. I’m gonna have to drink a lot of water though to be able to do it.” I smiled and shrugged my shoulders.

“Sounds like a plan to me.” Lydia came back at that moment, and Isabelle pretended to be talking to me about school. Soon after, we were called into our room and the fun was really about to begin.

I made sure to get a seat near Isabelle so I could enjoy the show. I ended up sitting directly across from her - she was sitting between Lydia and another of their friends from home, Eliza. Isabelle and I made eye contact - her nerves had subsided some, which was good.

As we waited to order appetizers, Isabelle had already drank a full cup of water and the waiter was refilling it (before anyone else’s). The table was full of conversation- everyone was chatting and filling the room with white noise. We ordered apps (and Isabelle got more water), and continued to talk. I kept one eye on Isabelle the whole time - since I didn’t know when she would begin wetting her pants, I had to stay diligent. Finally, the apps arrived.

By this point, people were beginning to settle in (and those of us over 21 were beginning to feel a little liqueured up). The jokes were flowing, and the laughter was beginning to reach that contagious state where everything is funny. I glanced at Isabelle - she had had multiple glasses of water, and seemed to be squirming just a bit as she laughed. I could tell it was coming soon, and my excitement was rising.

Finally, Lydia made a joke (about what, I’ll never know), and the whole room burst into an uproar. It was perfect timing for Isabelle, as Lydia was sitting next to her and her laughter at her own joke would cover up any noise. Isabelle closed her eyes, and I knew it was the moment.

The “accident” was completely silent. Because of the laughter, I (and I’m sure everyone else) couldn’t hear anything. The only sign that it was happening was the redness in Isabelle’s cheeks and her complete stillness as she emptied her bladder into her tight jeans. As the cackles died down, I could begin to hear some hissing as all of the water continued to make its way into Isabelle’s underwear, and further on into her pants and onto the floor. Finally, 20 seconds after the laughing had stopped, so did the hissing. Isabelle was very flushed, and seemingly out of breath, but looked me in the eyes and raised an eyebrow. I responded with a nod - but I knew the next part would be the most interesting.

I was waiting for someone to notice Isabelle’s predicament, because I knew she definitely wouldn’t announce it (I’m sure she was hoping it would dry, of which I knew there was zero chance). Finally, the waiter came over to refill Eliza’s water and noticed the puddle beneath Isabelle’s chair.

“Oh, did someone spill? Let me grab the mop quickly.” Eliza looked over at the puddle and noticed the glistening on Isabelle’s taught upper thighs. She quickly looked at Isabelle, her mouth an “O” in surprise.

“Oh my god, Isabelle, did you pee your pants?!?” At that, Lydia looked over too.

“Oh my god, you totally did!! What happened?!” Isabelle was turning very red, but also laughing it off a little.

“It was your stupid joke, Lydia! I’ve been drinking a lot of water, and I guess I just couldn’t hold it.” Everyone was starting to look over now, and Isabelle’s mom reached across the table and squeezed her daughter’s hand.

“It’s okay hun, these things happen.” She then looked at the whole table.

“Does anyone have any extra pants with them? Isabelle had a little accident in her pants while she was laughing.” The whole table began excitedly murmuring, and Isabelle’s face turned into a tomato. She didn’t say anything though, but just looked into her soaked lap.

“I’ve got some! They’re Jasmine’s, but they should fit fine. Unfortunately, we don’t have any spare underwear.” It was Emily’s friend’s (Jasmine’s) mom who spoke up, and I glanced over at Emily and Jasmine. Jasmine looked incredibly embarrassed for some reason, and Emily looked sympathetic towards her sister. She got up and walked over to her.

“I’ll help you Iz, let me go grab the pants.” She hurried out to the car, while the mumbling continued. It was a blend of “wow, I can’t believe she had an accident” and “it’s just like the time you/I....” and “that really sucks, wouldn’t want to be her.” Emily came back in with the dark jeans, and Isabelle got up to walk to the bathroom with her.

Of course, everyone looked up to see the damage. Isabelle’s thighs were covered in liquid that had escaped through the rips in her jeans, and the rest of her front was a patchy, dark blue. Since she was sitting down, the back of her jeans were what was most affected. Isabelle had truly soaked her pants - her tight butt was completely drenched, as was the bottom hem of her shirt (turning it slightly see-through), making her panty-line very visible. The backs of her thighs were wrinkled with how much liquid they had been sitting in - I thought about how long it might take for the smell to come out. Most of the pee had gotten on the floor, and the puddle stretched multiple feet on either side of her chair. Isabelle had a (admittedly, kind of hot) waddle as she walked to the bathroom, and anyone in the restaurant could tell that she had peed herself.

The waiter came back with his mop, and quickly cleaned up the puddle. The food came out, and right after it, so did Isabelle. The jeans certainly did fit her just fine, and she carried a little takeout plastic bag with her (I guessed the waiter had given it to her). When she sat down, Eliza gave her a little elbow to the ribs.

“Next time, maybe you shouldn’t drink so much before hanging out with friends.” They all laughed.

That’s when my Apple Watch buzzed, and I glanced down to see a text from Emily.

“She told me it was part of the deal. Is that true?” I punched a little button that said “Yes.”

“Well, I guess thanks for making mine less public, but I have a hunch it won’t always be like that.” I looked up at Emily, made eye contact, and smiled.

*023*2020-03-02 03:36

Here’s the next part - I appreciate all of the feedback and comments. I have most of the next few sections planned, but I think they are beginning to naturally pivot in the direction most of you look for. This section is a little fast-moving, but sets up lots of future parts as well. As always, keep up the responses!

My family throws a party every year for the 4th of July at my uncle’s lake cabin (yes, the one from the first chapter). It’s a pretty fun time - we play lawn games, go out on the boat, and know how to party when it gets late. The nice thing about his house is that, while it’s not too big, it can sleep a lot of people because he’s shoved twin beds into every open space in addition to the three small bedrooms. This lets us invite as many people as we want, turning the party into a slightly notorious affair. This was important, because otherwise it would be tough to convince too many people to make the three hour drive through deep backcountry to get there. But it was always worth it.

Emily and her family are always some of the first to arrive, because they help my parents and aunt and uncle set up. This year, it was the morning of the 4th and I was outside playing cornhole on the front lawn with my siblings and my cousin. I saw her family’s car descending the long hill into our small road, and it pulled up in the driveway next to us. Emily was the first to jump out, opening the passenger side door and running directly into the house with her duffel bag over her shoulder. I was a little surprised - I expected her to say hi when she got there. Instead she was almost out of the car before it had stopped moving.

Isabelle and Andy got out of the car at a more reasonable speed, and walked over to us as their mom brought some bags inside.

“What’s up guys? Ready for a crazyyyyy time?” Isabelle asked us. I laughed and took my turn in the game before looking back at them.

“I mean, obviously, it’s the 4th! Where did Emily go in such a hurry without saying hi?!” I asked in a jokingly-annoyed way. Isabelle immediately grew red in the face and started stuttering a little.

“Um I’m not sure, maybe she just wanted to put her stuff down?” She said quickly. Andy looked at Isabelle with a confused look, and turned back to us.

“What? Isabelle, you know why she ran in so quickly! So apparently, guys (addressing us once again), Emily drank coffee before we got in the car because it’s such a long trip, and then she got more when we went through the drive-through. She was whining so much about having to pee like, only two hours in but you know there’s absolutely no place to stop. So she totally peed her pants!! It was crazy - mom was so annoyed and was asking the girls if they needed to go to the doctor because they’ve been having so many accidents lately.” The last piece got a punch in the arm from Isabelle.

Once I heard the story I understood why Isabelle didn’t want to tell me - I also understood why I hadn’t seen anything. Emily had been wearing white jean shorts that wouldn’t show too much wetness unless I had been up close.

“Please don’t ask her about it, ok? She’s so embarrassed and mom made her clean it up in the car with her lake towel.” Isabelle was talking to all of us as she said this, but clearly it was mostly directed at me. I just smiled and rolled my eyes - I knew I’d have to ask Emily about it later.

I offered Andy my spot in the game, so he could play with John, and I went inside to grab us some drinks (drinking starts early on the 4th). As I was walking out, Emily came out of the bathroom wearing a short sundress - clearly not what she had been wearing when she got to the house.

“So I heard about your exciting car ride,” I smiled and said. She sighed deeply.

“I have no idea what happened, I guess I just mistimed my coffees. Mom is actually concerned - she thinks there might be something wrong with Isabelle and I. Even though we’ve only had REAL accidents once, but obviously she doesn’t know that. Now we’ve got to be super careful around her.”

“It’s crazy - aside from Isabelle in Thailand, I still haven’t see a real accident.” This lightened the mood a bit as she raised her eyebrows.

“I forgot about that - that’s just odd, it’s hard to believe. But I’m suuuuure they’ll come along. One of my friends has been having a few accidents lately - it happens.”

“Wait, who?!” I pried.

“Oh come on, noooo way I’m telling YOU.” With that, we laughed a little and headed back out to the games.

A few hours (and drinks) later, the party was rocking. Everyone was outside and it was a beautiful day. Lydia and her friends were especially having fun - college underclassmen always seem to drink the most at these things. That included Lydia, Isabelle, and Sophia, my cousin, along with all of Lydia’s other friends at the party. I had my group as well, but we were a little more experienced in drinking so we were able to handle ourselves.

I was walking over to grab some more food before the cornhole tournament when I ran into Emily. She seemed to be having a good time with her little squad, and she was loading up on drinks for the whole group when we bumped into each other.

“How’s it goin? Your family always knows how to throw a July 4th party.” I laughed as I started making a plate.

“Ha, if there’s one thing we know, it’s parties!” I then had, in my opinion, a bright idea. I wanted to test and see just how concerned Emily’s mom was with all of these “accidents.”

“So, I’m thinking we should make your experience even more fun! You have to pee your pants when you’re playing cornhole.” She just stared at me, barked a laugh, and shook her head.

“You can’t be serious? I told you this morning that Isabelle and I have to be super careful now or my mom will actually think something is wrong with us. I can’t.”

“If you don’t, don’t forget that three more experiences get added to the deal.” She seemed to weigh these options for a moment, her blue eyes staring up at the equally hued sky before looking back at me.

“I know I know, but I can’t do it right after my, um, thing this morning. I’ll take the additions.” I decided to push my luck.

“Ok, no problem. Then I’m cashing in on the pull-up part of the deal - you know we have some inside.” I said with a smirk.

“No way! Have you seen this dress?!” I had definitely seen the dress. She’d probably flash some people, which could be kinda interesting.

“So is that a no on that one too? Are you sure you want three more of those?” She punched me in the shoulder.

“You’re terrible! But there’s no way I’m wearing a pull-up under this dress, so fine, I’ll take the extra.” I smiled. This was exactly what I had expected (and hoped for), because it gave me an even longer deal duration. As she was walking back to the games, she looked at me over her shoulder.

“Besides, with the amount of drinking that’s going on today, you may get to see an actual accident.” That was definitely interesting - did she know it would happen to someone in particular, or was it just a random comment made to appease me? I brushed it off as speculation and went back to the tournament.

The party went late into the night, as expected. The drinks seemed unlimited, and the lawn games had devolved into beer pong and other drinking activities. Once the adults had either left or gone to bed, it got especially rowdy. I was having a great time with my friends, and the views of drunk girls dancing weren’t so bad either.

Finally, at some point late into the night, people started to crash. Lydia and her friends went to bed first - they had started a little early and thus had crashed a bit sooner as well. As one of the hosts (Sophia would’ve been considered the real host, since it was her house, but she was pretty drunk), I had to stay awake until everyone else had passed out, in order to make sure everything was shut down properly.

Not long after Lydia, Isabelle, and their squad had stumbled to bed, Emily and hers went upstairs as well. As the always-helpful type, Emily came back downstairs once she had shown her friends where to sleep. At this point, it was pretty much the two of us left as I had just directed my group downstairs to our beds and air mattresses.

“I think that was the best yet - well done!” she said. I laughed as I finished my drink.

“It definitely was a top-three finisher. I’ll walk upstairs with you, I gotta brush my teeth.” As we got to the top of the stairs, Emily ducked into the room she’d be sleeping in to grab her toothbrush.

“Geez, there are like 15 girls in there all totally dead. Lydia and Isabelle really did a number on their friends,” she whispered.

“Oh come on, you remember being an underclassman - it’s the beauty of being an inexperienced drinker.” We both chuckled and opened the bathroom door to brush our teeth.

What we saw was definitely a little surprising. The bathroom wasn’t empty. Sophia was in there brushing her teeth, but clearly was too drunk to have remembered to secure the lock on the door. She swayed slightly as she stood, her pajama shorts off to the side. The most surprising part, however, was her underwear. It wasn’t actually underwear at all - she was wearing one of her (what I had thought were old) Goodnites! While I clearly enjoy the idea of girls wearing pull-ups, my cousin was obviously not a turn on to me and I felt incredibly awkward for walking in on her. When she heard the door open, she turned and saw Emily and I. Her eyes grew wide and the toothbrush fell out of her hand into the sink.

“Oh my god!! I must’ve forgotten to lock the door, I’m so embarrassed!” Emily and I just wanted the moment to end, but Sophia kept rambling.

“I promise I stopped wetting the bed in high school, but I sometimes wear these when I’m up here and I’m drunk because I’ve accidentally wet the bed a couple of times in college after drinking and I really don’t want that to happen at my parents house because if I wet the bed again and they find out I’ll have to go back into pull-ups and I can’t be known as a bedwetter in college! Please don’t say anything to anyone, I don’t want people to think I’m a baby.” I just nodded.

“Of course not.” She quickly put her shorts back on and ran out of the bathroom (as quickly as she could while wearing padded underwear). Emily slowly looked at me.

“I really, really hope you’re not turned on by that. She’s a super pretty girl, and she was wearing Goodnites, but she’s your cousin!” I gestured down at my shorts.

“Does it look like I’m turned on? That moment made me nauseous more than anything.” She laughed.

“Poor girl, but smart of her to take precautions I guess.” We quickly pivoted back to brushing our teeth and avoided the discussion before parting ways for the night. I checked my phone before passing out - 1AM really wasn’t that late, but I was exhausted.

I was shocked out of my slumber and was incredibly disoriented. Once I realized where I was, my uncle’s basement with my friends on July 5th, I tried to figure out why I woke up. That’s when I saw Emily crouched next to me.

“Come upstairs quickly, I wanna show you something.” She whispered. I groaned and checked my phone - 3AM.

“Oh come on, seriously?” She nodded really quickly, so I begrudgingly got out of my bed and we tiptoed up to the main floor, where we could speak at normal volumes.

“What was worth waking me up for at 3AM? Is everything okay?” She nodded.

“Yeah everything’s fine - this is more of a me being nice to you sort of thing.” Now I was confused, but she started walking before I could ask. She had left her door ajar before coming to get me, and I could see the shadowy outlines of the limbs of the girls that were piled into the room. I followed her to the door before she turned to me.

“Don’t say anything inside - I don’t want to wake anyone up - we can come back out quickly afterwards.” Now I was seriously confused. She wasn’t being sexy or teasing, so I knew that this had nothing to do with any of that, but I couldn’t figure it out.

She led me into the room, stepping over girls laying every which way on mattresses, before getting into the far corner. Here, Lydia, their friend Audrey (a leggy brunette), Sophia, and Isabelle were crammed onto two twin mattresses pushed together on the floor. Lydia and Sophia were curled up in one corner, the waistband of Sophia’s Goodnite barely peeking out above her shorts, while Audrey and Isabelle were more spread out on the other side. Emily brought me closer to those two, and pointed.

My eyes had to adjust to the darkness before seeing what she was pointing at, but eventually I saw it. Isabelle’s shorts were drenched, as she had clearly wet - no, soaked - the bed. The puddle had crept up her shirt, almost to her chest, and had spread until it touched the side of Audrey’s purple cotton underwear (she had gone to sleep with no pants on). Isabelle was clearly too drunk to notice - she was passed out. Emily grabbed my hand and brought me back out of the room.

“So, was the aftermath of an accident worth the wake-up?” She grinned.

“Ha, while I hate being woken up it was definitely appreciated. But why all of a sudden do you not care if I see your sister’s accidents?” She looked at her feet briefly before making eye contact again.

“To be honest, at this point there’s almost like an unspoken competition between us. Neither wants to be the focus of mom’s concern, so the more accidents the other one has, the better. I figured it wouldn’t do any harm to show you - plus I have a witness now in case she cleans it up. But with how much she peed I doubt that’s happening.”

“I doubt it too. Let me know how it goes down in the morning - that’s gonna be something else in such a packed room.”

“Ooooohh yeah, I’ll definitely let you know.” With that, she went back into the room and shut the door.

