This Really Sexy Lady pt. 2

Author: lhansen

*000*2018-11-05 21:59

We left and of course wound up in my car for a while doing some heavy petting and exploring. I loved feeling Heather’s wet ass and just touching her soaking puss was pure heaven. Heather normally takes a cab everywhere and so it was easy to offer her a ride to her condominium. Nice place to. Lets just leave it at the fact that she loves to get that puss of hers licked, especially if you start by licking her through her panties.

Heather’s business law class was now more than my favorite. Although we were careful to keep our feelings separate, I was easily going to get an “A”. Most of you realize that visiting your professor is never going to hurt your grade and Heather’s careful counseling gave me a raging erection at every visit. The women used those gorgeous breasts of hers at every opportunity to deliver a consistent message. We needed to get together.

Thursday afternoon a got a message from her asking if we could meet at her family’s beach cabin. She indicated we’d have the place to ourselves and I wouldn’t need to bring anything.

Saturday, after using my phony ID to buy a couple of bottles of Chardonnay, I arrived just in time for a light lunch. To say the least, Heather can be really beautiful and is always attentive. She just has that walk and look that adds new meaning to MILF. She looked irresistible, hanging out with me in a one piece turquoise swimsuit, wedge sandals, and light sweater, that only reached to the middle of that beautiful ass of hers. Her swimsuit covered her puss nicely and of course I could not take my eyes off her whenever she got something from the kitchen. She did something else that was irresistible, she’d reach around to her backside and use both hands to reposition her swimsuit down over her bottom cheeks. Pleasant lunch and she loved the wine, but she had more, suggesting a walk on the beach so I could get acquainted with the area.

This was the time of year when the beach can be cool and a bit gloomy. She used her sweater to word off the chill, but seemed a bit nervous. A couple to times I noticed that she was casually reaching into her crotch, pinching her puss and commenting that it was a shame the water was so cold. "Really to cold for swimming, as she said.”

We were aways from the condo when she suggested we start back. As she said that, she was using her right hand to cup her puss, but pulled her hand away when she caught me staring. “Oh Johnny, i think your wine is really affecting me, I really have to go, lets hurry”.

I was now aware with what “go” mean’t and what her bladder might do. Her next comment was my downfall. “Honey, I think I need to go a little bit now so that I don’t completely wet myself. Do you mind”.

With that, she stopped, spread her legs a bit and that lovely area of her swimsuit started to get wet. The bitch was standing right in front of me, peeing in public. She stopped, but the wet patch surrounding her puss was all to obvious and her sweater wasn’t covering a thing. We started walking again, but a couple of people took notice of the wetness between this beautiful women’s legs. Couldn’t miss noticing either, considering her sexy walk in her wedge sandals. I think Heather liked the “looks” she was getting.

When Heather suggested that she was going to pee her swimsuit “a little bit”, I didn’t realize that she mean’t a little bit at a time. She continued doing it all the way back to the condo, until we reached the patio door and I happened to get a good look at her ass. Her butt was wet half way up her bottom crack. She’d completely peed herself and now looked at me with that “come hither” look of hers, saying, “I really needed to go, but I’m fine now. Do you mind that your girl wets her pants? By the way did you remember to bring the really good pot, you said you had? Lets go in and I’ll fix something to warm us up.

Now Heather can really be a sight to behold. She made no effort to change out of her swimsuit or use the bathroom, simply walking into the kitchen to make “hot toddy’s” as she put it, while I dug out my weed. Her wet ass was on constant display as she moved around the liquor cabinet. Finally, I was done fumbling with my pipe as she brought over two drinks, turned and sat half straddling my right leg. My pants seemed to dampen as I messaged her shoulders. She talked about how nice it was having me visit.

We were talking about what we enjoyed about one another and she turned leaning over to my ear, pressing those tits of hers into my chest and whispered, “It turns me on knowing that you like it when I wet my pants. Did you know I did it one time in business law class. I had to stand behind the pulpit during the entire class. Oh, my and I’d really peed my panties a lot”. She continued, telling me about other public embarrassments. She liked the attention she’d get after wetting her pants and realized how turned on some guys would get after a friend of hers, from high school, peed her short shorts at the beach house.

Then she had to tell about her mother…...

*002*2018-11-14 16:49

Probably more to come. In fact I've already written part of the chapter.

I'm changing the title to "our Miss Heather".

Are you interested?

