Through the Storm

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*000*2017-12-29 17:43

So, this is a story idea I had that I’m excited to work on but I’m nervous that I’m going beyond my writing abilities with this one. I haven’t even locked down names for the protagonists. I’m thinking Sam or Bri (short for Samantha or Briana) for the main character but that could change if something really catches my attention. But again, I want to get started and at least get the first couple paragraphs at least out their so will see how it goes.

It is a night so dark and stormy as to be almost cliched, wind howls, lighting flashes and thunder peels as a young girl runs for cover. Bri, short for Briana, is racing to get out of the storm, but is already soaked. The first thing to lose the battle was her chucks, she can feel her socks squelching in her soaked shoes. After 20 minutes even her water-resistant canvas overalls and chore jacket are starting to be infiltrated.

As she races down 40-mile road she tries to decide how much of the blame for her current situation is her parents and how much is her own dam fault. They had yet another fight, about what she couldn’t even remember at this point. Probably the usual stuff. Her parents were stereotypically staid midwestern white Anglo-Saxon protestants. Bri was an out and proud bisexual tomboy, one of only a handful of students in her small high school’s gay straight alliance. She likes video/tabletop games, books, science, working on machines, film, makeup (especially special effects), and rock/metal.

None of this sat well with her folks aside from her ability to fix the farm equipment. They fought constantly. Bri had recently turned eighteen and was about to graduate high school, she was hoping for a scholarship that would be her ticket out of here. Her grades were certainly good enough and all her friends were making their own escape plans. There was nothing holding her here. Her back up plan if she didn’t get the scholarship was to move in with/work for her cousin in Tannersville who owned what was possibly the last video rental store in the state until she could get a certificate for teaching ESL, save up for a plane ticket and visa, then jet off to Paraguay or Czechoslovakia. What Bri didn’t know was that she was about to get her wish just not in the way she expected.

$$

*003*2017-12-29 19:40

Bri pushed these thoughts out of her head as she charged forward fighting the storm. She had been walking for hours before it hit and was about five miles from her house. But there was a gas station a half mile up the road Mr. Andrews the kindly old man who ran the place would let her crash in the back office and she could wait out the storm. However, something wasn’t right. As more lighting flashed in the sky she could see that the clouds had turned an eerie sickly greenish yellow looking color and seemed to be almost glowing now that she looked closely. Her heart began to beat faster as her first thought was that a tornado might touch down soon. Then suddenly more lighting flashed, and the clouds briefly turned a deep almost black plum color before going back to the previous yellowish color.

She didn’t know what the hell to make of it, all she knew was that she had to get to that gas station. Mr. Andrews had a storm shelter that could be accessed through the work area under the lift in the garage. If a twister was going to touch down, she sure as shit did not want to be outside when it happened. She could talk about this later once she was safe, Ms. Myers who had taught her Earth/Space science course sophomore year would probably find it fascinating. Suddenly there was a lighting strike mere yards in front of her causing Bri to fall flat on her but in surprise and shock.

A loud roaring noise like the voice of God filled the air. Thunder peeled like an artillery barrage as lighting crashed to earth all around her. Bri was not a timid a girl and had gotten into a few scrapes and adventures in her eighteen years but this raw display of nature’s fury would have unnerved just about anyone and she couldn’t help letting out a scream. Suddenly everything went white and then she was falling somehow surrounded on all sides by a coruscating sea of blue energy the roaring noise seeming to come from everywhere and she felt a strange chill and could actually see frost forming on her clothes before everything went black…….

*005*2017-12-29 20:59

{{2 hours ago, Fishy said:

Great start! Keep it up! :)

I'm not sure if it's the way that it's laid out here, but I'd possibly try and split this paragraph in two, just so that it's easier on the eyes. Also, "dam" should have an n at the end.

}}

I agree it's a big paragraph but I'm not sure if there's a natural break point that wouldn't disrupt the flow.

*008*2017-12-29 21:58

After an indeterminate amount of time Bri slowly begins to come back to consciousness “What? Where the hell am I? What? What happened? There was that freaky storm and the bad trip and then I’m in the woods?”

“What the fuck?!” Bri is in a meadow clearing smack in the middle of an unknown forest. Aside from the frost on her clothes which is rapidly sublimating into mist, everything is strangely normal. Actually, the scene is quite breath taking Bri thinks as the warm light of dawn spills into the clearing revealing that it is filled with dozens of varieties of wild flowers. But as she gets up and walks around something is subtly off about these woods. Not in a bad way just something is different, but she can’t quite figure out what.

It’s definitely mixed deciduous forest like the woods around her house but there are lots of small inconsistencies. She doesn’t recognize most of the flower species and there are these weird vines that look like purple ivy with black round berries on several of the trees. Then there are the odd-looking squirrels with their bright red almost orangy coats and pointed ears with white tufts. Those along with several bright iridescent species of birds fliting through the trees are definitely not native to Indiana.

Still why’ll she has always been more at home in town than the woods or fields, she still possesses a not insignificant amount of wilderness and survival skills thanks to the instruction of Uncle Brun. Using these skills, she strikes out into the woods trying to find her way to a stream or creek. She figures if she can find that; one, she’ll have a source of water, and two she can follow it down to a lake or larger river where they’ll probably be people of some sort. As she hikes through the woods, she can’t help but think back on the time she spent growing up with Brun. Never was someone more aptly named then the 6’9”, barrel chested, Norwegian American. At forty-three he still had a weightlifter’s physique and his head was crowned with a mane of fiery red hair and a bushy beard both neatly braided. He likes to hunt and fish and just spend time in the outdoors in general. He also happens to be gay and married to a husband of ten years who is both his business partner and best friend.

Despite some casual bigotry people rarely bothered the big man or his partner, especially not after the evening back in November 2012 when six “storm front” bickers got rowdy in Mel’s bar and decided they wanted to do a little queer bashing… and promptly got their asses handed to them by Brun, who managed to take them out while inflicting minimal injuries. Despite his size and hand to hand skills Brun was a gentle giant and actually felt some small amount of guilt over the injuries he was forced to inflict. He especially loves children and most between age two and thirty in the town consider the big man to be a favorite uncle, Bri included. He would often take her and her friends on camping and fishing trips over the summer. This where she picked up the skills she was going to use to get out these woods and with one hell of story to tell Brun.

*010*2017-12-29 23:40

The weather is warm, and she quickly sheds her chore jacket tying it around her waist. After several hours of hiking she comes to a small creek. “Yes! Next stop civilization.” Bri, really thirsty after her hike, kneels down cupping her hands to scoop water from the creek as she quenches her thirst. However, as she relaxes by the creek the sound of running water makes her aware of another bodily need. Bri being used to hiking and camping doesn’t even hesitate as she stands up places her jacket on a nearby rock and unhooks the straps of her overalls.

As they slide down to her ankles her black “Sisters of the Elder Fire” t-shirt and white full-cut briefs are exposed to the air. She slides her briefs down in one smooth motion as she pops a squat before letting go. Bri sighs in relief watching her pee shoot out from between her legs and splatter onto the dirt. After finishing she looks around for something to wipe with. The nearby cattails look perfect and she cuts some of the fluff off with her multitool and uses it to wipe with before pulling up her pants and heading off, following the creek downstream.

*012*2017-12-30 01:16

Heads up before I make the next post CW for graphic content

*013*2017-12-30 01:24

Five days of wilderness travel have passed since we last saw Bri and this is where we pick up.....

As Bri continues her hike she keeps checking her phone to see if she can get a signal, the solar panel built into the case is keeping it running, but there’s simply nothing to pick up. It’s so weird sure signal can be patchy in the rural area where she lives but not even a hicksville part of Indiana has zero signal period. Out of curiosity she turns on the phone’s AM/FM function. At first, she gets only static but then she manages to pick up a few garbled broadcasts but can’t make sense of them. Frustrated she gives up and goes back to keeping her eyes peeled for food.

She hasn’t eaten since dinner last night, if you can call a bunch of raw wild onions and cattails dinner, and is already getting hungry. She manages to spot a bush with what appears to be wild raspberry’s. Cautious about eating potentially strange fruit she plucks one off the bush and takes a tentative bite, her senses alert for the tell tale bitter alkaloid taste that would signal a potential poison. It is indeed a raspberry and very fresh ripe and delicious one. She rapidly downs two cups worth of fresh ripe wild berries the sweet sticky juices staining her mouth and fingers before she licks them off.

Bri continues her hike for several hours before coming across a most welcome site around six p.m. as the late afternoon sun is getting low in the western sky. “Oh, thank God. YES! YES! YES!” Bri can’t contain her excitement and relief as she starts jumping up and down. In front of her is a dirt road unmarked and just wide enough to be classified as two lanes. Bri exhausted from her ordeal decides to make camp under the large oak next to a stone bridge that crosses the creek, reasoning that eventually someone will drive by that she can hitch a ride back with. Hell, it wouldn’t be the first time Sheriff McAllister, his deputies, or one of the neighboring counties’ sheriff’s departments had found her sleeping rough, picked her up, and driven her back to her parents. So, she gets to work making camp.

First, main course; she takes some of the purple vine and nots it together into snares which she sets. Second, sides; she gather’s some more of the raspberries before setting them down safely along with some kind of wild onion she found growing next to the creek and some kind wild green that taste tested safe. Third, fire; She spends an hour collecting firewood for tonight making sure that she plenty, including a large amount of greenwood. She wants this fire to make a lot of smoke both to keep bugs away and to attract the attention of passersby. Fourth, bedding; She makes a platform of branches next to the firepit she’s dug then layer’s cattails, tall grass and leaves on top making what she like to refer to as a “monkey” nest.

It’s now almost dark so lights the fire using her zippo and goes to check the traps hoping she’ll find dinner. It turns put to be Bri’s lucky day as she finds a rabbit struggling in her snare. She goes up to it and picks it up by the scruff of it’s neck. It’s naturally freaked out as it senses the reaper approaching, she can feel it’s heart beating like crazy. It looks at her wild eyed as she draws her grandfather’s Kbar from a sheath on her ankle. “Sorry little guy.” After bringing down an animal Brun always gave thanks to the spirits and Fryer/Freya. While she considers her self agnostic something like that seemed appropriate. “God, look after this little guy for me, please. Little fella, sorry again, but I have to do this.” And with that she brings the knife down in one smooth stroke cutting off the rabbits scream as a single tear rolls down her face.

*015*2017-12-30 03:55

{{36 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Nawww the poor bunny but she has to eat

}}

Yeah I tried to use this scene to convey a bit of Bri's personality and tried to show the emotional weight of situation. How did I do?

*017*2017-12-30 05:01

{{5 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

You did great

}}

I have to give my sister credit for suggesting that I draw out the time frame to make seem less rushed and more realistic. Now for one more update before I head for bed.

Bri is sitting next to the fire thinking and enjoying the warmth that drives back the nighttime chill as she whittles a large stick she found early on into a spear. She wants to go fishing tomorrow in the creek; assuming a car doesn’t show up by then. She still feels a little guilty about killing that rabbit, but she has no idea if and when help is coming. This road could be an abandoned old logging road left for nature to reclaim or it could be that the whole county is under some kind of state of emergency after that storm and rescue teams are simply too overwhelmed to be looking for one person.

Regardless she’s not going to panic; if she heads east she’ll eventually hit I-74 or state road 421. If she heads west I-65, north is Indianapolis. She figures she’s probably closer to I-65, so if she’s not seen any one in two days she’s going to head west on this road. That will give her some time to rest and recover sense her legs are killing her. Until then she needs protein to keep going and that rabbit is starting to smell delicious, guilty conscience or not.

After skinning and gutting it she figured the best thing to do was stuff the fruit and veg inside Mr. Rabbit and slow roast the whole thing under a bed of hot coals in a separate area of the fire, letting all the juices mix and marinade together. After stuffing the rabbit, she wrapped it in a bundle of tall river grasses and placed it in a separate area of the fire pit. Using a stick, she sweeps some of the hot coals on top covering it. That was two hours ago and Bri is now going to check to see if the rabbit is done. She sticks her homemade spear in to the coals, using it to dig out the roast. She leaves the tip stuck in the coals to char and harden as she checks the rabbit for doneness. Upon opening the bundle, she is greeted by a mouthwatering smell.

The rabbit is now a golden-brown color with bits of char in places, Bri sticks the blade of her multi-tool in and the juices run clear. She carves off a piece chewing and savoring the wonderful flavor. “Well Mr. Rabbit I’m sorry you had to go out like that, but your sacrifice is not going to be unappreciated.” She begins to carve up the rabbit skewering pieces on sticks that she had whittled to a point and charred clean in the fire. First a bit a rabbit then a bit of fruit and vegetables. She soon has a neat row of rabbit kebabs on a bed of grasses and she proceeds to tuck in relishing her first proper meal in close to a week. “That was delicious the only thing that could have made it better was a cold beer and some of that fancy restaurant bread.” Bri sighs contentedly enjoying the primal pleasure that is a warm fire and a full stomach.

*019*2017-12-30 17:53

After about thirty minutes Bri gets up to stretch and try to work out some of the soreness in her legs. The sky overhead is breathtaking and bright with countless stars and larger smears of light possibly indicating distant galaxies. Something seems off thought, the night is almost too bright. Then she realizes the reason why…. There are two moons! “What the fuck! Was there something in those plants?!” But this doesn’t feel like a trip everything is to clear and solid and in focus. It’s just that something that shouldn’t exist does. She continues to search the sky but none of the constellations are familiar although that one star there might be Polaris but she’s not a hundred percent on that.

She does manage to the spot the familiar light of the milky way which tells her that she’s probably at least still in the same galaxy. I wonder if I got struck by lighting and I’m going to wake up in the hospital any minute now with a story about a weird ass dream to tell. But that didn’t seem right either there weren’t the usual gaps in logic and continuity that signaled a dream. “This so freaking Twilight Zone like any minute I expect Rod Serling to start narrating. Wait could that really be it? That weird ass storm, there was that blue vortex, was that a wormhole? Did I just do like a Dorothy, John Carter, or Samurai Jack?”

Bri is almost hyperventilating right now.

“Ok calm down Bri everything is going to be fine, you’re going to find some people who’ll explain the weirdness and it’ll all make sense. Fuck! I really need a drink but I’m in the woods and there is no booze, so I’ll just have to deal. Okay breathe, deep breaths, in and out.” Bri continues to take several deep calming breaths as she tries to sort her headspace which has just had all the furniture upended and scattered by a thunderous cosmic revelation.

She decides that the best thing is to focus on immediate survival and deal with the weirdness later. Acting on this she proceeds to clean up the camp moving the rabbit carcass about a hundred yards or so away, so it won’t bring the scavengers to her camp but is still exposed so that the critters can still get something to eat. It just seems appropriate to do it that way. After washing her hands and banking up the fire she sits down to meditate and clear her head before drifting off into uneasy sleep around eleven.

*021*2017-12-30 19:01

So I'm trying to think of names for two new characters who will soon be introduced any suggestions?

**Edit** Also what do you guys think of Tabitha?

**Actually now I'm kinda liking Gwyn**

**Okay so I think I finally got it Renny Finnthighearn married to Gwyn Daniels as Renny Finnthighearn-Daniels and Gywn Finnthighearn-Daniels**

What do you all think?

*023*2017-12-30 21:04

Ch. 2

Later that evening Bri is startled awake by a loud howl “Awrooooo!!!!” Bri still groggy leaps up adrenalin rapidly countering her drowsiness as million year old instincts kick in and she grabs for her spear. “Awrooooooo!!!” Bri senses alert scans the dark forest that surrounds the tiny island of light that is her camp fire. Then all is silent except for a small breeze that shake the tree’s. All is still except for the pixie haired young girl standing alert and practically vibrating with tension an anachronistic wood spear held in her hands contrasts with her modern clothing. The forest is dark and filled with shadows made by the swaying branches that seem to dance. Small moonlit clearings can just be made out. Then from the forest emerges the largest wolf that Bri has ever seen in her life…..

The beast is huge standing almost as tall as horse with jet black fur. Beneath bright yellow eyes, gleaming white fangs drip saliva. Thoughts of national geographic documentaries about prehistoric megafauna, various DnD games, and the “Lord of the Rings” movies all play through Bri’s frontal lobe and hippocampus. Meanwhile her amygdala is shrieking and gibbering hysterically at the reappearance of ancient enemy thought long dead, before running off to find a cupboard to hide in. The creature slowly saunters up to her camp. It’s yellow eyes and white fangs gleam with reflected light and it seems to have an unnatural lack of fear for either primates with sharp objects or fire. Suddenly without warning the beast lunges at her.

Bri lets out a terrified and shriek that surprises both her and the wolf when surging with adrenalin it morphs into a war cry. Bri instinctively avoids the charge pivoting and bringing her spear to counter. It’s a hit and the beast yelps and snarls in pain as the spear jabs it in the shoulder. Spinning the spear in a flourish she screams her defiance.

“Come get some bitch!!!” Bri has been in several schoolyard and parking lot brawls, mixed with hours of watching/studying Bruce Lee, and the various self defense techniques Brun taught her. So, while not the most skilled or technically proficient fighter, she knows how to handle herself. Which is why rather than charge in and waste energy she uses her superior reach and waits for the wolf to come to her.

It is more than happy to oblige as it barrels in but Bri once again evades and counter attacks eliciting another shriek of pain from the wolf. “Ole, motherfucker.” The wolf backs off for a beat pacing in front of Bri, almost as if it’s sizing her up with an uncanny and almost intelligent? gaze. The wolf seems to charge again but it’s a bluff and as Bri moves to jab at the wolf she overextends and leaves herself exposed as the wolf charges in earnest this time. It hits with a force that would be the envy of any defensive lineman and knocks her to the ground. “Ayeeeeeehhhhh!!!!!” Bri gets her spear up to block just in time as the wolf’s jaws seize around the length of wood instead of her throat. Attempting to get free Bri lands several solid punches on it’s face but they don’t even seem to faze it. Thinking fast she jackknives up under it pushing up off the ground and….. Kicks the big bad wolf right in the balls with both feet.

“AWOOOOOOOO!!!!!”. Seizing the opportunity as the beast rears back in pain she tries to jab the spear up through it’s mouth and the soft palate, right into the brain. Unfortunately, she misses, and the spear becomes lodged in its cheek. Still partially pinned she uses the distraction to pull her grandfather’s K-bar from her ankle sheath. And just as the wolf snaps off the tip of the spear she lands a solid hit with the knife stabbing it through the eye. This finally makes it back off howling in pain. Bri gets in a few parting slashes before scrambling up the oak, just before the wolf jumps up to snap at her heels….

