A strange experiment

Author: LeakLife

*000*2021-02-01 18:56

A little short story I made, hope you enjoy! About 1400 words long.

Regina walked up to the research center. She sported a white t-shirt and blue shorts. She was hoping to wear something a bit more casual, but she was told to have something simple. Wind blew her curly, messy, orange hair around, as if the breeze was playing around with it. She stood in front of it, unsure if she should go inside. She could cut her losses then and there.

...That probably wouldn’t work. They would hunt her down. Regina took a look at the contract in her hands. She was reminded of the legal binding she had forced herself to sign. At this point, was the money even worth it?

As Regina thought about what to do, she was interrupted for a moment by her bladder. She remembered that she hadn’t peed since last night. Considering her somewhat below-average bladder size, Regina was getting nervous of wetting her knickers. Then again, she was also very good at holding said bladder, which often saved her from public accidents.

The building looked clean and modernistic. White brick walls and short height made it look quite unimportant and uninteresting. Regina knew that it couldn’t be farther from the truth. She took a deep breath, opened the door, and entered the facility.

The first thing Regina noticed was how clean the place was. The air smelt as if someone had spent several days spraying perfume everywhere without a break. After tasting-er, studying the air, Regina figured it was some cheap strawberry-flavored perfume. Chairs were placed to her left, meant for waiting patients. In fact, a few people were already sitting there. Their somewhat worried face didn’t really Regina was about to look around the front office when she heard a voice.

“You are Regina Trysta, no middle name, right?” a voice spoke out to Regina. She looked around to see a man sitting behind a counter. He sported regular business clothes and a burly mustache. Regina thought that he looked only a few years older than her. He seemed to be somewhat tired, and a bottle of water could be seen on his counter.

“”Oh, my bad, yes, that’s me.” Regina replied, trying to act as humble as possible. She was never that good at social interactions, and always ended up messing up social interactions. “I apologize, am I supposed to go to the waiting room?”

“No, no, actually, you’re supposed to start in about two minutes. Please wait here.” the worker informed her. He pointed to a nearby office chair. Regina sat in it, noticing it was one of those chairs you could spin around and adjust the height. She contemplated spinning around for a bit, but she decided against it, thinking it would make her look pretty childish.

“Since you’re here, let me ask you a few questions.” the man told Regina. She nodded, and he followed up. “First of all, what made you sign up for this experiment. Upon hearing the question, Regina looked down and replied.

“I needed the money.” Regina replied.

“Don’t feel so shameful!” the man told her in a motivating tone. “In fact, about half of the people here came in order to gain some cash. So, do you know what this organization is called?”

Surprised by the man’s kindness, she responded. “Well, this place is called the National Science and Humane Testing Research Center, right?”

“Well, the real name is the Secret Testing Society of America. The secret is there for a reason, though. You do remember what happens if you leak info of the practices you undergo? You signed the contract, right?”

“Yeah…” Regina responded. She had remembered the contract. It was very explicit about what would happen if she betrayed the rules and regulations. She shuddered just thinking about it.

“And one more thing before you go, do you have any problems? Such as, say, hunger, thirst, and bathroom needs?”

“Umm, no.” Regina replied. She was definitely lying, but years of both fibbing and hiding her bladder problems from others made it easy to pull out convincingly.

After that, two men in black clothing and black sunglasses walked up to Regina. Already knowing what they wanted her to do, she quickly followed them as they walked through the hallway. As they moved throughout the building, Regina started to question if she should’ve admitted her bathroom needs. She could see several rooms, each with their own number, some of which seemed to be occupied. Regina became a bit scared when she saw several claw marks around the door of Room-69.

Eventually, they came to a halt at Room-121. Regina was escorted inside. The room was quite similar to the average hospital room. More white walls, and a bed in the right corner with a red blanket. Facing the bed was a table with a television on top of it. One of the men pointed towards the bed, not saying a word. Regina obeyed and sat on the bed. The other one spoke.

“The test will begin shortly. Please remain in the room. Any strange things that may happen are figments of your imagination. You are allowed to watch whatever you want, go nuts.” He tossed a remote at Regina, who barely managed to catch it. She watched as the two men exited the room. She turned on the tv and started flipping through random channels.

As she pressed the “Next Channel” button over and over again, Regina started to remember her bladder problems. The pee in her body seemed to bang on the door of her bladder, trying to exit her body. Regina placed a hand over her crotch, trying to switch between channels. The next one she encountered was currently displaying an ad for a water park. Not exactly the best thing to see while desperate. She looked at some more uninteresting channels.

“Brought to you by Raid Shad-”

“Introducing the Cheat Pass! Give your partner one free chance to-”

“And with a grand total of two votes, Jessie has been eliminated!”

Regina was slightly annoyed at this point. She decided to turn off the tv. Looking around for something else to do, she saw nothing.

“This place is kind of boring.” she thought out loud. “What experiment even is this?” she decided that she might as well get comfy and laid in the bed, now with the blanket over her. She had a few more twinges and nudges from her bladder, but she figured she could hold it for at least 30 minutes or so. That was, before she heard a noise.

The noise was scratchy and static, and seemed like it was from somewhere in the room. Regina’s worries about her bladder quickly switched to her survival. She searched the room for anything strange from the safety of her blanket. Not being able to see where the noise was coming from, and why it was getting closer, she covered her body with the blanket. Unfortunately, what little safety she felt from hiding under the feeble cotton was changed when the blanket was lifted into the air. It floated there, leaving Regina to see the horror that laid among her.

The being... she couldn’t figure out what it was. It seemed to be a floating blob of black particles forming to create a creature. In the middle of it seemed to be a red glowing circle, perhaps an eye of sorts. The creature raised out what seemed to be a hand. Regina’s life flashed before her eyes. She closed them in preparation for her final breaths.

The creature’s hand suddenly recoiled. A spraying noise could be heard. Regina opened her eyes, questioning why she hadn’t been slain, but noticed when she looked down.

Her bladder had either finally given up, or was too scared straight to continue. Either way, it burst open, allowing the flood of pee to escape. Urine quickly invaded her panties, and her blue shorts not long after, leaving wet stains on both. Regina tried to stop the flow, but she was powerless at this point. The pee splattered all over the bedsheets, ruining them. Regina’s mind was half-focused on the monster and half-focused on the wizz-riot that was going on inside of her shorts.

It took a few moments before she stopped urinating, and by now, both her clothes and the bed were ruined. Regina started to cry. First at the fact that she just peed herself like a toddler for the first time in 15 years, and secondly at the fact that she would be killed by this monstrosity. The blob moved it’s fingers in a snapping-like movement, and Regina suddenly felt quite sleepy. She tried to get away, but with no energy, she eventually fell asleep.

Thanks for reading! I'm not that good with omorashi stories (or stories in general), but I think this is one of my better works.

I hope to write more stories surrounding Regina!

