Lotium Spells

Author: Lotium Soda

*000*2020-11-15 21:22

Introduction

Key laid on the roof one night. She had on only her undershirt and her underwear, the grime of battle still stained on her body. She gazed blankly at the night sky. The creaking of the ladder was followed by Vera’s head popping up. “You okay?” she asked. Key nodded without looking down at her.

“Look, sweetheart…” Vera pushed herself onto the roof. “We aren’t going to win every fight. It’s just not feasible."

“I know that,” said Key, “but I could have been smarter about this one. I should have been faster. Lei and Katy trained me better than this.”

“Hey, I was there too--”

“But it was my adversary that took the victory away from us. I just… wish I would have been better.”

“Baby…” Vera took Key’s hand. “I wish I could show you how strong you are.” In the darkness, Vera hadn’t noticed Key’s distended abdomen until then. “You haven’t gone yet,” she moved her hand up to the bulge and rubbed it in circles. “It’ll make you feel better to relax.”

Key smiled a little. “I know.” She sat up and went to the edge of the roof. Then, immediately after pulling aside her underwear, she released a hard stream of glistening liquid. She sighed as the tension left her body. The flow went on for several minutes, and as it died down, Vera scooted closer and put her arm around her.

“Someone new is on their way,” she said, “you feel it, don’t you?”

“I’ve felt it for a while. I just haven’t been sure.” Key rested her head on Vera’s shoulder. After a pause, she said “do you think she’s going to be good?”

“Don’t think like that. Let’s just do our duty and train her the best we can. Either way, she’ll be our sister and we’ll be hers.”

“We can get down, by the way. I know you don’t like the roof.”

“I hate the roof,” Vera chuckled and went down the ladder. Key lingered at the top for a moment, gazing at the sky again.

“Please be good,” she muttered to herself.

“Are you coming?” Vera called from below.

“Yeah,” Key called back, and went down after her.

