Some rookie omo pokemon fanfics

Author: LeakLife

*000*2020-10-28 01:37

Today, I tried writing omo fanfiction for the first time. It was an interesting experience. I'd like some feedback on what I can do better, since I definitely could have done better. I may do more pokemon omo stories and improve along the way. If I do, some of them may focus on messing, hence the tag.

Sabrina prepared herself as the next challenger entered the gym. She had just endured five hours of battling with trainers, and she was thinking about closing the gym earlier than usual. Although, fighting weakling after weakling nearly all sporting barely-trained pokemon was getting a lot too familiar with her. Not to mention, she had a slight urge to pee. It mattered not at the moment. Sabrina could easily hold for an hour or two. Besides, at least she was getting some money out of it, albeit not much. She placed her pokeballs onto a healing counter-the three weeks she had it were much more convenient for her. She silently thanked the Nurse Joy in Saffron City for giving her one. As she waited for her team to be revitalized, she took a look at the challenger.

She recognized the trainer. Leaf was her name. About 20 years old, she was apparently mute. Had a few gym badges under her belt. Sabrina smirked, although slightly. She might finally have an actual challenge for once. She hadn’t had to try since fighting the Champion and that rival of his. As her pokemon were finished healing and the counter played a little jingle, Sabrina walked over to her side of the battlefield.

Leaf seemed to be confident over on her side. She had a Houndoom by her side. It shared the same confidence and enthusiasm as his master. From what Sabrina heard from the other gym leaders, that Houndoom was her ace.

Sabrina took a considerable amount of yen out of her pockets. “I’m betting 5,000 yen. I hope you’re ready.”

Leaf smirked as well, offering 4,000 yen. Both girls got ready to send out their leads. Before that Sabrina started to notice that her need to pee was growing.It was nothing much, and she’d be able to finish this battle and go to the loo in time. However, she came up with an idea to make things more… interesting. She unreadied her pokeballs. Leaf, confused, unreadied her pokeballs as well.

“You know, how about this.” Sabrina proposed. “I’ll raise my bet to 9,000 yen. However, if I win, you have to stay in this gym for an extra five minutes.”

The opposing trainer thought about for a second, before accepting the offer with a thumbs up. The two trainers threw their pokeballs, and the battle started.

The battle started out smoothly for Sabrina. Her newest team had proven useful against the many newbies and slightly competent trainers she fought, and they still showed useful now. Her Mr. Rime from the Galar region produced excellent, long lasting barriers at the start that would give her pokemon added defense throughout the battle. Her Gallade made short work of Leaf’s houndoom. None of Leaf’s other pokemon were able to take the initiative, either. It didn’t take long for both trainers to realize who was going to win.

Halfway through the battle, Sabrina called a quick time out. Leaf nodded, and scrambled through her three remaining pokemon, desperately looking for a way to turn the tides of the battle. Sabrina returned her loyal Gothitelle before sending out her Alakazam. She sent a few psychic messages to her ace pokemon. It gave her a questioned look before shrugging. It held up it’s spoons and closed its eyes, concentrating. Suddenly, Sabrina’s urge to go increased ten-fold. She gasped, releasing a spurt of pee into her panties. She could feel the pee move down her leg inside her red and black suit. Leaf looked back, wondering where the noise came from. She could have sworn that she saw some droplets from Sabrina’s suit.

The battle continued, and things were not looking good for Sabrina. On the one hand, she was getting closer to winning the battle, but she didn’t want to have an accident in front of someone younger than her. Not to mention it wasn’t a good idea to bet so much money. Sabrina could still do this, though. All she had to do was K.O. three pokemon.

Alakazam fell to a sucker punch by Leaf’s Raticate. Unlike Sabrina’s other pokemon, Alakazam could add and remove from the contents of her bladder, so she couldn’t reverse it now. Thankfully, her ability to show as little emotion as possible prevented the opponent from learning of her predicament. Her Gallade finished off Leaf’s Raticate. Two pokemon left.

Sabrina’s bladder issues didn’t get much better. She was slowing letting out spurts, immensely thankful for the dark hue of her suit. She had to admit, though. It was quite a thrill. Not only would Sabrina have to defeat her opponent, but she also had to hurry before she flooded her panties. It excited her. It gave Sabrina a new sense of encouragement while commanding her pokemon to attack.

After five minutes that felt like forever, Sabrina finally won the battle. Sabrina collected her earnings from Leaf. Leaf started to walk towards the exit.

“Hold it right there! You remember our little deal, right?” Sabrina reminded the trainer.

Annoyed, Leaf stayed inside the building. By now, she could easily notice a small puddle where Sabrina was standing. She decided not to point it out.

Sabrina quickly healed her pokemon. She sent out Alakazam as soon as her team was fully healed. Her psychic type quickly figured out what to do, and it transferred the pee from Sabrina’s bladder to Leaf’s bladder. Leaf suddenly flooded her panties. A large stream of pee shot from every direction. Her panties and dress were completely soaked within seconds. A puddle quickly formed under Leaf’s feet, evidence of her accident.

Leaf quickly ran away, embarrassed and crying. Sabrina laughed for the first time in years. She noticed her Alakazam’s blank stare directed towards her.

“I admit, that was a bit cruel, but quite a-gah!” Sabrina cried as she suddenly experienced the same burst as Leaf had suffered. Her already damp suit became absolutely wet from the waist up. A puddle big enough for a Wishi-Washi to live in formed on the ground. The smell of pee in the room was overwhelming.

“I guess I kinda deserved that...” Sabrina said. She went outside to close the gym before getting ready to clean up the mess.

*001*2020-10-30 15:36

Warning! This story contains messing.

Spoiler

Mina walked through Route 4, ready to battle. The sun was shining, and the grass was thriving. Perfect weather to find some fights. She looked around for potential challengers, but the few people she had encountered only gave her a blank stare. To be fair, an 18-year old wearing an eevee suit was bound to cause some looks. Mina didn’t care about how others looked at her. She still sighed, though. No one seemed to be up for pokemon battling. She really needed the money. She recalled what happened the night before.

Her Eevee had suffered from a rare disease of some sorts that made her unusable in battle. It started after Mina fought a wild Koffing. While it’s evolution focused on taking in smog and cleaning the air, Koffing did the opposite. Eevee was currently in the pokecenter, and apparently healing this disease would cost Mina. 5,000 pounds, to be exact.

As Mina mourned for her Eevee, she took a moment to notice a slight urge to poop. It wasn’t much, and Mina ignored it. With the lack of trainers right now, she could probably release her bowels in some grass or something. She looked around, but there were no trainers in the vast fields. She sighed, thinking of another way to gain cash.

“Man, what else could I do to make money?” she wondered out loud. She walked a bit more before noticing a berry tree. She slowly formed a plan.

“That’s it! Berries! If I find enough berries, I’ll be able to sell them!” Mina exclaimed. She ran up to the tree and started shaking it, throwing caution to the wind. As she tried to extort the berries from their home, a wild pokemon leaped out of it, aiming towards her face.

“Eek!” Mina yelped as she swatted the rodent away. She felt her bowels nearly release due to the shock. Thankfully, not one piece of feces entered her suit. She sighed in relief, knowing that her suit would’ve been a nightmare to clean. As she eyed the pokemon that started to scramble away, she noticed that it was a Skowvet. Those little rascals always lived in trees and ate the fast-growing berries in there. Mina quickly picked up the berries before running away.

After about a minute or two of running, Mina stopped. She silently cursed Skowvets before taking out her berries. She had collected about 10 berries of various types, but one of them stood out to her. It was dark blue and round. Mina had never seen it before. She eyed the berry, examining it. She decided to whip out her Rotom Phonetm and look it up. As she described the berry’s proportions, the Rotom Phone read a page from Wikipedia out loud.

“The Load Berry(or stercus-bacaius) is a round, dark blue berry most commonly found on Routes 4, 5, and Glimwood Tangle. They have little use in battle or in general use, so they only sell for an average of 7 pounds in the Galar region.” The Rotom Phone explained.

Mina sighed. She thought she had found some rare, exquisite berry. She continued to listen to the Rotom Phone.

“ However, it’s taste is quite a delicacy to both pokemon and humans alike.”

This interested Mina. If she couldn’t sell it for much, she might as well have something to eat. She tossed the berry in her mouth. It did taste very much like a delicacy, and the sweet and sourness of the berry mashed together to appeal her taste buds.

The Rotom continued. “When eaten by pokemon, it causes them to move slightly faster. Unfortunately, the effects of this boost are miniscule at best. Meanwhile, when humans eat a load berry, it acts as a quick and fast laxative, usually causing the eater to defecate within 5 to 10 minutes.”

Mia paused. Laxative? The terror showed in her eyes as she realized what she had done. She quickly started to unzip her suit to prepare for the upcoming wave of feces. As she tried to move the zipper down, it got stuck. No matter what she did, Mia couldn’t get the zipper down. As she tried her hardest to unzip her suit, the zipper came off. Mia gasped. Her only option now was to go back home and get some scissors.

She suddenly noticed her surroundings. Unlike the fields of Route 4 that she knew from the back of her hand, she was in a forest she didn’t recognize. She must have gone too far into the route, away from Turfield. Mia panicked. She didn’t want to have an accident. Her suit wouldn’t be able to take it. She tried her best to come up with a plan. As she thought, the load berry started to work it’s magic. Mina could feel her bowels filling up quickly. She let out a few farts.

Mia’s only idea was to run back to her apartment. The problem was, she had no idea where she was. She ran in random directions, hoping to find the fields. After 3 grueling minutes that felt like forever, she finally found the open fields.

“Yes! I might still have a chance!” Mina cried, running as fast as she could. She was getting close! She could do this!

A sudden stomach cramp slowed Mina down. She groaned as she bent over. That was all it took. She started to crap herself. A squishy log slid down into her panties, followed by wet diarrhea. Mina tried her best to stop her bowels, but it was too late. More loads filled her panties, and they started to move into her suit. The poop slid down Mina’s legs. By now, Mina had given up, accepting that she just had pooped herself for the first time in years. By now some of Mia’s suit had become considerably browner. It was ruined now.

Mia started to cry as she started to walk back home. There may have been no one to witness her messing, but walking from here to Turfield would guarantee social interaction. She sulked as she prepared to be humiliated.

*003*2020-11-03 19:17

New story!

By the way, all stories will now be put in spoiler tabs to make navigation easier.

This story has no messing

Spoiler

Ever since the effects of pokemon moves were tested on humans, one infamous question was how they affected the bladder. Quite a few tests have been run attempting to discover what moves could cause their test subjects to pee. It appears that ghost and psychic types are most likely to cause this effect. As such, we will try to recreate these effects with research and testing.

All test participants were willing to do the experiment and aware of our project.

Kris rearranged her team using the PC. As she added some ghost and psychic types to her team, Bianca stood behind her nervously.

“Are you sure this is okay?” she asked nervously. “I mean, it seems kinda mean that we’re going around, using everyone as public test subjects.”

“Relax, Bianca.” Kris reassured her. “I mean, all we’re doing is making someone wet themselves. And most trainers bring extra clothes in case. It’s not that bad, right? Besides, who would actually help us with this project? No participants, no A.”

“Okay…” Bianca replied. She still felt awful about it.

As the duo exited the Nimbasa pokecenter, Kris pointed towards the Route 5 entrance. She explained to Bianca that if they went there, their victim-er, unaware participants would probably be safe from embarrassment. Bianca nodded as she followed her partner.

After traveling Route 5 for a good 10 minutes, Kris stopped Bianca.

“This is where we’ll set up.” she told her. “We should find plenty of people here.” She ushered Bianca into a bush and the two hid. Kris silently thanked Unova for it’s large foliage.

As they waited, Kris owned one of her pokeballs, which contained an Abra. The psychic type sat there, meditating.

“So here’s the plan.” Kris said. “We’ll be testing multiple pokemon moves that may affect the bladder. For example, this Abra here knows the move Psychic, which is said to be able to cause bladder pressure if used to a weaker extent. We’ll write down what happened so we can put it in our report.”

“Sometimes I wish I found a different college.” Bianca sighed. Kris giggled in response.

After a few minutes, a woman walked by. She had a pink skirt, gray leggings and white office shirt. Her long, brown hair was fluttering in the wind. Kris grinned. She had found a target. As she whispered into Abra's ears what she wanted it to do, she heard the brunette gasp. As she looked at the woman, she could see her grasping her area with her hands. Bianca looked away as the deed was done.

The woman showed very obvious signs of desperation. She did her best to shuffle away towards Nimbasa City. Kris took some notes before continuing to watch. The woman shuffled a bit more before stopping completely. She cried out as a stream of pee released from her bladder. Her once pink skirt became dark pink, and her leggings yellow. The woman fell to her knees, crying. It took a few seconds before she started running away. Kris quickly wrote down “Test subject showed signs of rapid desperation before releasing bladder contents.”

“I hope she knows that was the opposite way of Nimbasa City.” Kris commented. She seemed calm after what she witnessed, possibly enjoying it. Bianca was mortified, though.

“That felt awful!” Bianca cried. “That was an innocent person. She didn’t deserve that!”

“It is what it is.” Kris replied. “Like I said, it’s not like anyone’s gonna help us by peeing themselves.” Bianca sighed while nodding in agreement. She still felt horrible.

Kris sent Abra back into her ball, and sent out a new pokemon-Gengar. Kris had used this pokemon before, and he had proven effective in battle. The ghost-type pokemon let out a wide grin. It had likely overheard and figured out what his task would be. As the three waited for the next poor soul to appear, Bianca noticed a tiny urge to pee.

Eventually, two more people came. They wore the same green overalls, pink and white striped shirts, and blonde hair. Kris cringed at the sight. She looked over at Gengar, who jumped out of the bushes.

The twins were shocked as a Gengar suddenly blocked their path. The ghost-type unleashed a Scary Face directed at them. The two women felt a chill sent down their spine as they instantly flooded their overalls. Kris tried her hardest not to cheer for her pokemon, and Bianca just sighed. As the twins released their bladder contents onto the ground, they ran away.

As soon as they were out of sight, Kris pumped her fist. “That was awesome!” she exclaimed. She wrote down some more notes.

Mean Look caused the test subjects to instantly release all bladder contents.

“Hmmm… it seems that this isn’t gonna work out.” Kris said. “I think we should split up. I’ll go down the path ten minutes from here. Take these.” Kris gave Bianca the Abra from earlier, along with a Gothita. “That Gothita should know Thunder Wave, if I’m not mistaken. Try that out. I’ll be back in an hour.” And with that, Kris ran off.

“Why am I doing this?” Bianca asked herself. As she contemplated her life choices, she noticed another trainer minding her business. As Bianca sent out Gothita, she silently apologized in advance.

About an hour later, Bianca noticed Kris returning to the bush with her Gengar following her. Kris had a noticeable wet spot on her shorts, albeit small. Her face was quite flustered. Before Bianca could question what happened, Kris explained.

“This is embarrassing, but… I may have gotten scared by a wild Trubbish…” Kris admitted before pausing awardly. “Er, it doesn’t matter. We probably have enough data now. Let’s go-”

“Aha! You must be the one whose Gengar is terrorizing everyone!” the woman behind them claimed. As Bianca looked behind her, she saw the figure. The tall,slender body along with her black and yellow aesthetic was enough for her to realize that this was Elesa, the gym leader of Nimbasa City.

“Several trainers have reported multiple pokemon wreaking havoc in this route, specifically a Gengar!” Elesa exclaimed, angry that her modeling was rescheduled for something this ridiculous.

As the three stood there, Bianca decided to break the silence.

“I-It was me w-who did it!” Bianca claimed nervously, trying to cover for Kris. As she stood there, she started to jizz herself without realizing it. Pee splattered all over the ground around her. Her dress was soaked and pee was dripping down Bianca’s leg. Kris looked at her in shock as Bianca emptied her bladder.

Elesa stared at Bianca in disgust. “Whatever,” she said nonchalantly. “You’ve had enough punishment.” With that, she walked away. Kris and Bianca could see Elesa whipping out her phone, apparently giving orders to someone.

Kris and Bianca stood there for a good minute. Kris placed her hand on Bianca’s shoulder.

“Bianca, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean all this to happen.” Kris apologized.

“Yeah…” Bianca replied. “It’s ok-”

The two heard a camera snap, following with some bushes shaking. Kris quickly realized what was happening.

“H-Hey!” Kris shouted. “What the heck!” Grabbing Bianca’s hand, Kris ran towards whoever took that picture, her cohort in tow.

As Elesa walked back to her modeling studio, she smirked. That weird girl would stop her annoying ways once she got a taste of her own medicine.

