Why I Wear Diapers After Work

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*000*2018-02-08 03:37

Kelly Westerton is just getting off work, wearing a yellow sleeveless jumpsuit under a navy blazer with black leather flats and bag. They somehow manage to mix sharp professionalism and playful casual and make it work. An effect that is only heightened by their deep red almost purplish hair cut short at the sides and flipped over on the top. She waits expectantly at the curb in front of Amada Biotech. A lime green crossover that could give a lot of armored personal carriers a run for their money in the size department pulls up. A smart looking young professional woman wearing business casual steps out. She looks to be in her mid-thirties her sandy blond hair is also cut short at the sides but long and braided in the back. She wouldn’t look out of place if you spotted her while out doing your shopping, except for the fact that this woman is 10’6”, Kelly is 5’8”. Upon seeing her Kelly runs up excitedly loudly shouting “Mom!”.

Laura Westerton breaks into smile as she picks them up sweeping her excited Little off the ground and into a hug. “Hey Kelly girl! You have a good day at work?”

“Frustrating but productive.”

“Really? Tell me all about it.” As Laura buckles her into a booster seat next to the driver and pulls out of the loop in front of the building Kelly launches into an animated discussion of her work day. The number twenty-three Polymerase Sequencer was acting up again. They spent almost two hours going over it before they, Jerry and his boyfriend Gary from IT were able to figure out that the new software patch had fragged the primary memory bus. Microsoft am I right?

As the conversation winds down, Kelly finds themselves in a contemplative mood. Watching the streets of this version of Boston sliding by they can’t help but think of how different their life is now compared to what it was back on their earth…….

Kelly Andrews was twenty-seven, stuck teaching middle school biology and unsure why they bothered getting out of bed in the morning. Middle schoolers are assholes and not even being a teacher completely protects you from that. Kelly was non-binary and AMAB(assigned male at birth). Her average week day went like this. Corral the brats and keep them from getting hurt while maybe somehow managing to them something. Oh and as an added bonus try not to breakdown from the constant casual transphobia and misgendering. Go home and check to see if UNAS(United North American States) Medicare had decided that yes indeed their request for a second round of laser hair removal was gender confirmation related and not purely cosmetic. Binge streaming service package while crying into takeout and vodka tonic. Rinse and repeat.

Then on the morning of November 16th, 2043 everything changed forever. It was a clear bright day, wind snapping crisply, when out of nowhere a massive swirling vortex energy appeared in front the United Nations building in New York. Humanity was now experiencing first contact. Only instead of bug eyed green men it was with a species of giants from another earth. The Amazons as they were known were about fifty to a hundred years ahead of Kelly’s earth. They were one of a dozen worlds to have pioneered both local and extradimensional gates that they knew of. They brought fascinating new tech. Practical fully realized quantum computing, fusion, advanced nanoengineering, room temperature superconductors and of course the Jump Gates.

But perhaps most surprising was their social system. There were two subspecies of humans on their world. The Amazons and the Littles. The amazons were more physically robust and stable. The Littles were extremely intelligent and creative but prone to both physical and mental health issues. A mostly symbiotic relationship evolved where the Amazons took care of the Littles needs in exchange for the use of their talents. The Amazons also proved to be an excellent solution to several social problems. Like our earth Kelly’s had a population that was rapidly aging. With the amazons natural nurturing inclinations and advanced medical tech contracting out for elder care was a perfect solution. Another thing was that the amazons were long lived and had a low birth rate, this led to a lot of them, especially young professional and empty nesters feeling lonely and isolated.

That was when the adoption agencies were created. Besides adopting out children they also arranged contracts with varying terms for adults. Generally, the amazon would get someone to love, care for and be loved by. The Mid would get love, affection and all their basic needs met. At first it was mostly “fringe types” as the media referred to them adventure tourists, adult babies/kids, etc. After a while though a lot of practically minded people signed up to save on living expenses. This also led to the creation of the second chance program.

Nonviolent criminals, typically younger, would have the option of starting over in Amazon family instead of going to prison. They would have a complete neuroconectome scan done and their consciousness loaded into the printed body of a young amazon anywhere from elementary to high school age depending on the sentence length. Their original body would remain in stasis for the duration. It was hoped that giving them the chance to grow up in an environment with a good mix of structure and love would lead to reform.

Kelly aged 25 watched the reports on the news with rapt fascination. Two years later they had a decision to make. She had just turned twenty-seven and her life was going nowhere. It all seemed crazy and yet could this be a way out? She started doing research online. She was relieved to see that the treating creating the agencies had numerous safeguards in place. The process was expensive, but she could just barely handle the adoption fees. But did she really want this? They would be potentially giving up a lot of autonomy depending on the contract terms. At the same time though what did they have to lose? Kelly being on the autism spectrum always had a hard time “adulting”.

They had been estranged for their family for years now. While they would miss a few close friends it’s not like they would never see each other again. Kelly could set it up with the contract so that they would be able to follow their passion for science while not having to worry about their basic needs. And Kelly had to admit they were lonely and the possibility of having such a deep connection with another person was compelling. And the thought of getting a second chance at family was deeply appealing.

There was also one final reason and it was the hardest for Kelly to come to terms with. Kelly was diaper lover. It was both a coping mechanism and a source of sexual pleasure that they were just starting to accept. The idea of a world where this was normal and accepted sounded amazing. After taking two months, Kelly had made a decision. Which is how they found themselves standing outside an adoption agency, having cleared out their life savings to have paid the fees. They were about to start a new life no turning back now……

*002*2018-02-08 04:32

{{11 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent

}}

Thanks it's my attempt at doing a "kinder gentler" take on the diaper dimension :)

*003*2018-02-08 05:26

After checking in at the front desk it was a whirlwind of activity. Kelly was given a complete health screening that lasted most of the day. The colonoscopy was certainly an…. interesting experience. She also got a complete updated vaccine panel just to be on the safe side. Exhausted Kelly was shown to their room, which looked like what you expect to see at a nice hotel chain. Bed, living room area with desk that they set their laptop down on. The bathroom having a separate walk in shower and tub was a pleasant surprise. As was the room service. Dinner was roast pork loin, mashed potatoes, roast vegetables, and a little bowl of chocolate pudding.

The next day Kelly met with their case worker and had a psych screening done. She liked Ms. Angie who seemed like the favorite aunt type. She quickly put Kelly at ease about their self-doubts and reassured them that it was normal to have concerns or conflicted feelings. She understood that Kelly had been hurt and had a difficult time connecting with people but that they shouldn’t worry. The agency would find Kelly a wonderful Amazon who would give them the love and support they needed to thrive all they had to do was work through the process.

*005*2018-02-08 05:29

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

I'm loving this so far

}}

:)

*007*2018-02-08 15:23

Looking over at Laura, Kelly can’t help but think how amazingly right Ms. Angie was. It had been two weeks when Ms. Angie had told them that the agency had found a match. Using a combination of personality metrics, neuro mapping, desired living arrangement and analysis of Kelly’s life history (including school, work, and social media) they had found what they hoped would be an excellent match. Kelly was so nervous as they headed down to meet Laura. They had read the file the agency had given them, and she certainly seemed nice.

Laura lived in Boston, was currently single and taught philosophy and gender studies at a small liberal arts college that opened back in 2032. Arriving at the interview room Kelly takes a moment to nervously check her makeup and hair. She wants to look nice for this so she’s wearing a purple and gold paisley peasant top, gray slim fitting slacks, and her favorite converses. The door opens, they step in, and are confronted by a giant. The giant stands, walks over and kneels down so that they’re close to face to face. “Hi, you must be Kelly? They/them or she/her, correct?”

“Uhhh, Yeah!” Kelly squeaks nervously. “You must be Laura?”

“Yes I am and you look so adorable can I hug you?”

“Ummmm Okay?” Laura pulls in her for a hug that provides a kind of deep pressure that feels amazing. “So, tell me all about Kelly.”

Two hours fly by as Kelly finds herself pouring out everything about her life to Laura, something about this gentle caring giant just makes them trust her implicitly. Kelly can’t put their finger on what it is. Maybe vocal cadence? Maybe body language? Maybe pheromones? Kelly doesn’t care. After introductions and telling Laura about her differed dreams of being a scientist they somehow get into conversation about the ethical implications of Schrodinger’s famous cat experiment.

Then a discussion of how they both love rock operas and both of them are gamers. Before moving on to Laura talking about her job. Including the grad seminar that she teaches on the ontology of gender. The conversation gets more personal when Kelly opens up about their thing for diapers. She finds herself crying as Laura holds her, rubbing her shoulders and telling her that she’ll never have to worry about being embarrassed by that again. Ms. Angie walks back in to find Laura holding a red and watery eyed Kelly. She smiles knowing what has happened. “Ms. Angie… I think I found my Amazon”

“And I found my Little” Both of them are smiling with tears running down their faces.

*009*2018-02-08 18:27

After that a one-year trial contract was drafted. Laura would be responsible for Kelly both in terms of her material, psychological, and emotional wellbeing. Kelly would go to work thirty hours a week, working five six-hour shifts, Monday through Friday. Laura would handle the finances, but Kelly would have final say over how the money she made was used, less taxes and twenty percent for room and board. Part of her first year’s earning would pay the insurance that would reimburse Laura for her expenses and adoption fees if Kelly were to bail out early. As part of the deal Laura’s secondary insurance from work would cover the cost of having Kelly’s gender confirmation surgery done at a private hospital bypassing the average one year waiting period at a United Med Center for nonlife-threatening elective surgery. After the end of the trial period there was an option to make the contract indefinite.

A week after the contract was signed the immigration and adoption papers cleared, and Kelly found herself with her hand surrounded by Laura’s massive but incredibly gentle and soft one. Wearing a purple and grey striped skater dress with her blue and yellow backup and chucks. They where waiting in the boarding line for the jump gate. The standard airport sights and sounds making the experience seem strangely routine. This was it. Her new life as Kelly Westerton, Laura’s Little, was about to begin.

P.s. If anyone is curios this the backpack I pictured Kelly wearing

%https://www.amazon.com/dp/B076XYVB4Y/_encoding=UTF8?coliid=I133SRS9NXCV50&colid=2VQKDXNBWN99K&psc=1

*011*2018-02-08 21:07

{{9 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Yay now the new adventures begin ^^

}}

What do you think of Kelly's backpack :)

*013*2018-02-09 03:05

{{5 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Kelly has a nice backpack

}}

I'm actually thinking of getting that one myself :)

*015*2018-02-09 05:12

CW: Sexual content

Just so everyone knows there is going to be NC17 content in the story shortly. I want to make it clear that all the people Littles included are adults and consenting participants. Some of them may be developmentally different but they are adults and fully cognoscente of their actions. A lot of the people who are adopted into this alternate earth have troubled backgrounds and trauma to work through. For them the freedom provided by becoming an Amazon's Little is part of the healing process. They can let go and be themselves fully and completely, experience their feelings without judgement. They are free explore who their are mentally, emotionally, physically and spiritually. And yes that physical exploration can include getting familiar with ones body and sexuality.

This has been a public service announcement from YourFNF

*017*2018-02-09 15:40

There had been a lot of things to get used to and the first week was confusing and stressful. She needed a ladder to get things off shelfs and out of cabinets. Laura showing her how to use a squat toilet was embarrassing but fun (preferred because they can be used by both Amazons, Mids, and Littles). Needing to take the elevator or be carried up stares. The buildings being proportioned for people 10-11’ feet tall on average meant that something as simple as trip to the mall could inessentially become a day hike. Needing special food because the normal stuff was literally to big to fit in their mouth. One of the things she was going to miss the most was being able to drive. At least Laura’s car was capable of self-driving, so they weren’t stuck at home if she was out.

Of course, they could save up for a modified car, but that was at least two years away. Kelly had basically come to terms with being neurodiverse back in college but having essentially been placed in the position of being physically handicapped was a radically different experience. They even had a green (Blue for physically alternately able amazons and mid height individuals) Little’s placard that lets them use the handicap spaces and a special ID card that gets them on the “T”.

It’s something that Kelly is still trying to come to terms with, thankfully Laura has been wonderful in terms of helping her adjust and deal with the culture shock. Ms. Angie set up an appointment for her with vocational services and she was pleasantly surprised when they got her a Little friendly internship at Amada Biotech, with the option to go full time after two years based on performance. She would be partnered with a Mid from her earth named Julie who would be her mentor and provide guidance/support. This life had required some major adjustment, but it was one-hundred percent worth it Kelly thinks to themselves as Laura pulls into the garage of the town house they share.

*019*2018-02-10 16:55

Laura unbuckles the five-point harness and picks Kelly up walking into the kitchen. “You must be tired after that big day at work, you want to just get a diaper on and relax?”

“Yes please! I’d like a diaper.” A soft ping goes off in Kelly’s head. Laura takes Kelly up to their room. The walls are a soothing mint green and covered in posters. There is a loft bed over a desk, a reading area with several beanbag chairs setup around a bookcase, and a changing table. Laura helps Kelly out of her blazer and unzips the jumpsuit, leaving Kelly in just her lacy navy-blue panties and bra. Placing them on the table she deftly unsnaps Kelly’s bra before removing it and her panties, then her socks. Taking a diaper, she places it under Kelly and folds it up over their groin but doesn’t secure it.

“You’re not going to tape me up?” Laura has a knowing smile on her face. “Kelly girl you always get so caught up in your work you forget to pee. The moment your neural shunt engages your going to soak this and I’ll just have to untape you to get another one on.” Kelly grins sheepishly knowing that Laura was correct and that she hadn’t even noticed how full her bladder was. “Your safe sweetie you can let go now.” And just like Kelly’s bladder control vanishes as a second ping goes off. It’s a full minute of bliss as she feels the warm, soft, rapidly expanding padding pressed against her fun bits.

They smile up at Laura as she tosses the spent diaper into a chute built into the table before wiping them clean. Taking another handful of wipes, she cleans off Kelly’s makeup before grabbing a fresh diaper. It is a Little Care Fashions medium thickness, both Laura and Kelly’s favorite brand. This design is from their “Sempai will you change me?” line and is white with purple stripes. Designed to look like the panties you’d see an anime school girl wearing. Kelly loves them because they look cute without being overly babyish.

*021*2018-02-10 18:45

As Laura tapes up her diaper Kelly is still in a bit of a reflective mood. Kelly was nervous about getting the neural shunt at first, but it’s turned out to be one of the best decisions they’ve ever made. For her it’s the freedom to be able let go and just enjoy her body and her interest without any reservation or hesitation. It also has the bonus of making it easier to get into a “Little headspace” for Laura which means both of them having more fun. After their first month on this earth Kelly was scheduled to get their gender confirmation surgery. Despite wanting to just relax and use her diapers, she was having trouble doing so. After talking about it with Laura and a therapist, they had reached the conclusion it was combination of embarrassment/shame and gender dysphoria over Laura seeing their equipment. Laura wanted to help Kelly get past this and she had an idea. Two weeks before the surgery she called a neurologist at the hospital.

The next day Laura sits Kelly down for a talk. “Is everything okay?”

“Yes Kelly, I actually have some good news.”

“Really!?”

“You know how you’ve been having trouble letting go and enjoying your diapers?”

“Yeah…” Kelly’s smile fades “Well I have away to fix that.”

“How!?”

“What if I told you it was possible for you to be able to turn your toilet training on and off at will?”

“Sounds like something from one of those stories you’d read on an ABDL forum either that or an extra special sauce level weird hentai.” Laura smiles at the doubt and excitement warring on Kelly’s face. “It’s called a neuro shunt and it’s most definitely real. I scheduled a video conference with one the neurologists at the hospital, in about five minutes so we can discuss it. Would you like that?”

“Okay, I’ve got see what this is all about.”

*022*2018-02-10 20:49

Doctor Obertson had explained how the process would work. Since this was the simpler of the two surgeries it would be done last. A computerized axis would be placed around their head. Realtime scan data would guide the probes in that would implant about two dozen electrodes each about the size of a grain of sand. Then an incision would be made at the base of their skull and the central control unit implanted. By directing precise EM pulses the controller can inhibit or excite brain activity. In her case the electrodes would be in the prefrontal cortex, cerebellum, and hippocampus. Areas of the brain responsible for motor coordination, memory, and impulse control. Before the procedure she’ll have to get a whole body scan done while urinating and defecating, which yeah apparently that’s a thing.

After that they could do the coding which would allow her to selectively control her toilet training. “So, is this safe?”

“On a willing subject with proper preop protocols followed the accidental mortality rate is .0374%, incidents of “mindfrag” or other serious complications is 1.12%”

“Mindfrag? I’ve seen enough cyberpunk to have a pretty good idea that that’s a bad thing.”

“In certain rare case neural augmentation can cause severe psychological problems; psychosis, disassociation, even full on personality fragmentation. You typically only hear about such things in news reports or true crime docs about illegal back alley modification clinics. We’ve never had a single incident in the entire fifty years that we’ve offered this sort of procedure.”

“Could someone use this to like mind control me? Like clockwork orange or Manchurian candidate style?” The doctor chuckles “No sweetheart, while such a thing might theoretically work for the short duration making someone act against their nature over time would most likely result in mindfrag. And in your case the electrodes wouldn’t even be correctly positioned for such a thing. Of course anything beyond animal trials in this area is strictly forbidden in the UTR constitution and numerous international treaties.”

“Is it permanent?”

“We can reverse the procedure with a forty-five-minute operation at any time at no additional cost and with a full refund if done within two years.”

“So, what’s the catch?”

“No catch Kelly.” Doctor Obertson says with a grandfatherly smile. Kelly smiles and looks at Laura “Let’s do it!”

“Excellent I’ll send you an information packet on cosmetic neuromods with links to resources and the relevant literature along with the consent forms for you two to sign. Oh! and I almost forgot, were currently doing a promotional deal with Samsung, get their latest AR capable implanted com for free with the purchase of any cosmetic neuro procedure. Is that something you would be interested in?” Laura looks at Kelly who looks back at her “It’s up to you kiddo.”

“So it’s basically a cellphone in my head?”

“Essentially yes.”

“Can I turn it off?”

“Your physio will teach you a series of jaw movements you can use to disconnect and reconnect the power supply.” Kelly looks up at Laura grinning “Mommy I’m gonna be cyborg like Robocop!” Laura busts out laughing as a squealing Kelly pulls her into hug. “That’s a yes then.”

“Well then you two have a wonderful day.” The screen blinks out.

*024*2018-02-10 22:28

{{18 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol Cyborg Kelly to the rescue XD

}}

She stops evil doers by pissing on them. ;)

