Kevlar IV: When Bunnies Fly

Author: LoThrottle

*000*2022-04-17 18:44

A fanfic about the protagonist from Pokémon Uranium after the events of the game. (All characters are fully mature and sapient. Copyright for the characters Lopunny, Blaziken, Roserade and Empoleon as well as Mistralion City, Mistralion Airport and the Unova and Sinnoh regions belong to Nintendo. Kudos to the Pokémon uranium devs and all their hard work making the game and keeping up the Tandor Link servers in spite of everything and their dedication to this amazing piece of freeware.)

Chandra had managed to procure a flight from Mistralion City back to Bealbeach city near her home of Kevlar town. Her father needed her back home. For what reason he did not know, but for a high ranking Pokémon ranger that has not shown any interest in raising his children for almost a decade to suddenly send a message by express mail to his own daughter that was now a three-time Pokémon league champion it must be important. In tow was her entourage from her recent Sinnoh campaign, namely her ever-present Blaziken, a Roserade, an Empoleon, and a Lopunny, but among them a notable lack of large flying types. As she walked onto the runway towards her plane she spoke to her team.

“Tssk! It’s gonna be a while before you can pee again! You guys better make a run to the bushes!”

The whole team was chattering as they walked to the side of the building. Blaziken raised his arms to the sky, yawning as he cracked his blazing knuckles before putting one hand on the wall and one near his genitals to keep his feathers from getting wet. He sighed as he hosed down the concrete. It was so good that his long, cetacean-style manhood was unsheathing itself.

The only one missing out on the action was his newest team member, and timid lopunny with a shy bladder. Chandra sighed because he knew how difficult it was to get lopunny to go potty outside where she was supposed to. She walked a few steps toward Lopunny, who seemed to be looking at the ground.

“Alright come here lops, let’s get you some privacy and a bottle.”

Lopunny absolutely refused to go potty outside in the grass, in any toilet or training potty, use any litter box, or use any form of puppy pad or newspaper. She would not go at all no matter how long she was let out for and then the *instant* she was let in she would have an accident on the floor. Every time she had to tinkle it was going to be a long ordeal of carefully massaging her abdomen, comforting her and getting peed on while trying to hold a cup or bottle to the vagina of a squirming Pokémon. Lopunny held her trainer’s hand, clutching her tummy with one tiny paw and having the other wrapped tightly around two of her fingers.

She took her completely around the corner of the building, behind a smelly dumpster and between two bushes behind that. She reached in his bag and pulled out a tiny pink travel potty with the word “princess” on the side and a picture of a tiara. She pulled off the watertight plastic cover and opened the lid, revealing the small bowl within. She sat her down on the potty and slowly massaged her abdomen, moving her fingers in tight circles as Lopunny shook and shivered with need. She whined and she whined and and Chandra just calmly repeated the same words over and over.

“You can do it. You can go tinkle in the potty. Just let it out. Let it all out…” But, like so many times before, it was to no avail. Their flight was going to depart soon. There was just no time left to deal with this. She picked Lopunny’s four foot frame up by the waist and took her back to the plane after packing up his supplies. She got on the plane and recalled the rest of her team. Lopunny, high maintenance as she was, was terrified of Pokeballs. The plane left without incident and with his head in his hand Chandra simply sat and waited for Lopunny to spring a leak, like she always did.

Surprisingly though, thirty minutes in she had not only not made a giant mess on the floor but was actually pawing at Jace and digging in his bag as if looking for something she could go potty into. She quickly got out the potty she *wanted* her to use, the fetid water bottle she *would* use, and, knowing what this meant, held her arms out in the universal “uppies” gesture. He picked her up and held the bottle under her tail. He sorta pushed it in but her legs remained tightly locked together. She got her other arm under her knees and with the bottle in the same hand tried to get her aimed in the general direction of the potty. As her powerful ab muscles tightened and she wrenched her eyes closed and sank her two front teeth into his arms Chandra could only think one thought.

“She’s gonna blow…”

Sure enough, like a tiny fluffy fire hose she did not merely “go tinkle,” she *gushed* what must have been a liter of light golden bunny honey all over the potty and the seat, and the floor, and even managed to soak her trainer in the process. The look of pure unadulterated bliss on her face was priceless. She continued to try to aim her tight gooey bunny puss in the direction that would result in the least amount of cleanup and she managed to fill the potty to the brim. It was, after all, designed for a buneary or roselia and both of her fluffy thighs and cheeks hung way off the edge when she tried to sit on it. She held her favorite bottle to her drooling bunnyhood as it sat salty, dribbling and sopping wet. Sure enough she was nowhere near done yet.

She held the bottle to her crotch and ground her grown-up clit into the plastic rim. Frothy white bunny cream flowed down the sides of the bottle. Occasionally she would let loose more of the honey she had remaining in great squirts. Finally with one final thrust forwards she climaxed loudly and squirted a shot of stringy, fertile egg-white discharge into the bottle as a look of contentment spread across her face. She sank back down onto the potty to enjoy her afterglow as Chandra got a rag and mopped up what she had missed. Not even thirty seconds later she opened her eyes and stood back up. She looked at the full potty, she looked at her trainer and the way her eyes just lit up made it impossible for Chandra to stop herself from chuckling a bit as he showered praise upon her for using the potty like a big girl. The pilot shouted from the cockpit between the many crates and boxes of the tiny light propeller craft.

“We’re closing in on Bealbeach, the runway isn’t in the greatest shape! We ain’t got seatbelts so find something to grab onto! This might be a bit of a rough landing!”

“Will do, cap’n!” Chandra shouted over the roar of the props. One bumpy landing later Lopunny and Chandra were walking out onto the Tarmac. He picked the three balls off his belt and tossed them into the air, releasing her team in a perfect chevron formation. If Empoleon, Blaziken and Roserade had thumbs they would be snapping. Lopunny apparently didn’t get the memo. Instead, she was tottering along like a drunken spinda not even two feet away from Chandra as she caught the balls one by one and locked them back into place with the speed and grace of a juggler. Lopunny was now absentmindedly picking her nose.

“Why are the blonde ones always the dumbest” Chandra thought to herself as he entered the comfortable air conditioned airport with her team in tow.

