The Urgent Business of a Busy Businesswoman *Poop Warning*

Author: LiteralShtpost

*000*2022-07-19 17:41

Hello, this is my first short story. My debut novel-length story is still in progress and is still being actively worked on. But I’ve had the time to work on a new short story, with a new perspective. I hope no one finds the character being a mother too off-putting, in fact, I’ve made this story as wholesome as possible. For anyone brave enough to stick around, you will be rewarded with some of my best writing to date.

This story contains: Pooping, farting, sexual references, light messing, bathroom-control, minimal pee, desperation, embarrassment, humiliation, sexual themes and references

If you’re here for pee, unfortunately, this story is extremely pooping focused, if you aren’t into pooping at all, not even in regards to desperation and embarrassment, unfortunately this story isn’t for you. I do plan on creating exclusively peeing/wetting stories soon, so stand by. But my first short story will only feature poop and sexual themes.

The Urgent Business of a Busy Businesswoman (6,324 words, Poop warning, sexual themes)

Jennifer had a busy schedule. She could only afford to stay in bed beside her lover, husband and father of two healthy, energetic young boys for the first alarm. As the second blared aloud, she knew she couldn’t delay any longer. As she got to get up out of bed, her husband in his lucid slumber clutched her by the stomach and pulled her back to him.

“Just a bit longer,” he asked wearily.

“You sleep in, I need to get our boys up,” she replied.

Defeated, he rolled over and slept in a little bit longer. But the clock was 6:11 AM. He could afford to sleep in, but she couldn’t. Especially not in her current predicament. And as soon as she sat up on the bedside, her uncomfortable, bloated abdomen churned in irritation at her sudden movements. She put her hand on her belly, and she knew what she had to do next.

In her pajama bottoms, and topless without even a bra with peace of mind knowing that her sons need to be woken up and wouldn’t disturb her, she occupied the bathroom. Just over fifteen minutes should have been enough time for her to lighten up. She pulled her bottoms down and slowly eased the massive berth of her hips and buttocks onto the seat. She got up, readjusted and pulled her cheeks further apart with her hands. Her bottom was hanging over the rim of the toilet seat. Having children certainly made her wider and bottom-heavy. Her husband seemed to like it. But she didn’t.

She heaved down, but all she could manage was a slow puff of wind. Her more desperate need made itself known as she started filling the bowl with bright yellow. The torrent of her stream splashed and dappled into the water below, accepting it graciously. She was particularly loud in the bathroom, in all aspects, she felt she couldn’t help it, and in spite of her shyness, she didn’t bother to mask the sounds she made nor did she hold back her moans of relief. Except this time there weren’t any moans of relief, only heaving and grunting. She put her arms on her stomach and leaned forward. But it was no use. She was caved-in, and today marks the seventh day she’s been like this. Without even realizing it, she had been sitting there straining for ten minutes.

“It’s no use,” she thought to herself. “I know what will do the trick.”

She went to the kitchen and clumsily flicked on the kettle. She scratched her head, which was a flock of gold, auburn and red pluming feathers, not helped by her rough night sleeping exacerbated by her blockage, and the tussling and turning in bed the last night. She remembered where she put the espresso, which was her favourite jolt to start the day and readied herself a double shot. If this didn’t work, nothing else would. Once it was ready, she took her coffee into the shower with her and took sips while she performed her ablutions, which wasn’t ideal, but time was not on her side, not today or any other day. She had a thousand and one things to do, and only two hours to do it all. And there was a particularly big thing she had to do before she goes to work this morning. The hot water helped relieve her aches and pains, and it helped circulate the blood around her stomach, which was in dire need of being sped up.

A familiar knock on the shower window stirred her from her relaxation.

“Want a pleasant surprise this morning?” her husband asked. He didn’t so much ask as insist, as he opened the shower door naked, with his semi-erect manhood swinging out. With his demeanor and devilish smile, he had plans with Jennifer’s curvaceous, wet body, shines with glistening soap and bubbles, which acted as a cheeky camouflage for her womanly assets.

“Honey, it’s Friday morning!” she replied.

“And the kids are still fast asleep,” he chuckled. “They’ll never know, and you look particularly inviting this morning.” he teased once more as he planted a kiss on her forehead, which he was only just able to reach. He was tall, with a stature of 6’3, but she was very tall as well, standing at 5’12”, crossing the 6 foot threshold in heels, which she often wore.

She couldn’t protest, as much as she wanted to. And she didn’t feel well, as though something was weighing her down. She faced away from him, trying to signal, without saying it, that she wasn’t ready tonight. He took the hint and his smile returned to a more cordial, efficient poker face.

“It looks like our baby is coming along,” he mentioned, pointing her attention to her bulging belly.

She was pregnant with something, but it wasn’t necessarily another baby. In fact, she was in near labor, she felt the pains but nothing was coming. She gave him a quick glance of disgust, but her smile quickly forgave him.

“Very funny, I still haven’t tested yet,” she replied.

“You should try after our shower,” he insisted.

“I already went,” she added.

They both showered, and she had to gently stave off his lustful advances, which were particularly wild this morning as his fiendish hands craved her ballooning mammaries, drooping down her chest in big tear drops, and her large bottom, which widened quickly following the birth of their first son, and further still after the second, it also had a dual purpose of making him ever more aroused at the sight of her naked moon as she was brushing her teeth before bed, exposed and vulnerable, which was when he frequently made his sinful attempts.

“Alright, I better go and make you and the boys some brekky now,” she teased, grabbing his nose by the fingers.

“You should try doing that down here, I think I’d be very receptive,” he retaliated, turning their wholesome shower into the product of his filthy imagination and desires.

Her coffee didn’t fully kick in yet, but she was alert and wide-awake as she started making bacon and eggs. Not the healthiest, but this greasy fryup was great for getting the boys to wake up and emerge from their rooms from the smell alone. And, success, as the youngest walked in.

“Eggies and bakey!” he chanted.

The elder 11 year old son followed after him.

“Mooooom, dad’s taking up the bathroom again, it can’t take him that long to take a shit!” he angrily vented.

“Language Thomas!” she said. “You don’t need to teach Max that kind of filth. Maybe you need soap for breakfast instead of eggies and bakey!”

Her empty threat worked.

“No, I’m sorry mom!”

“Haha! Daddy’s taking a big shit!” 6 year old Max giggled.

“Now look what you’ve done,” she scolded calmly, knowing that it was futile. Even though she thought she sent them to a good school, they were inevitably going to be corrupted by their peers, and be taught all kinds of nasty words. She was just thankful that the greatest caliber of which was ‘shit,’ but even that was awful. Speaking of which, she felt hers brewing away. And she felt a bit ashamed that she might be in the bathroom taking it up and stinking it out for the rest of the morning herself, let alone dad.

Finally, her husband emerged, partly dressed with black trousers and a belt he didn’t need, as he recently started putting on weight, but it could be because they’ve been eating more healthily, which doesn’t explain why, paradoxically, he’s getting a pot belly.

“Don’t worry, daddy’s big shit is over now!” he laughed. “But I’d give it a little bit before you go in.”

“Don’t encourage them Ben…” she asked.

“Boys will be boys, you know how it is,” he spoke as she served up their breakfast. “Aren’t you having anything?”

Little does he know, she had 6 days worth of massive breakfasts, lunches and dinners clogged up in her plumbing. Beef steaks, chicken, mashed potato, and nearly every vegetable you can think of blocking up her gastrointestinal tract. He noticed her skipping out on dinner last night as well, and he frowned at the prospect that she wasn’t eating.

Her bowel schedule is very sub optimal. Usually, she comes home on Fridays to take a mean dump in the home toilet, as she hates going out in public or at work. And, before starting work again on Monday, she’d manage a smaller one on Sunday night with the help of some mild laxatives. Unfortunately, this week, she wasn’t able to go on Sunday night, so she had nearly seven days of heavy meals churning away in her guts. And as her coffee started to kick in, she could feel the gridlock on descending colon freeway beginning to clear up, and at the worst possible time.

“You didn’t eat last night either, is something wrong?” he asked. “Yoink, this is the swear tax!” he said as he forked a piece of streaky bacon off Thomas’ plate and ate it in front of him.

“You don’t need any more bacon you fat bastard!” Thomas yelled and stormed off in a huff.

“Fat bakey thief bastard!” Max added, giggling.

Jennifer frowned at Ben, the father of her children, who had a fat smirk on his face as if he were proud that their sons became potty mouthed sailors. But she was also thankful that this diversion allowed her to slip under the radar of his interrogation.

“Ben for crying out loud go and talk to him, and give him one of your bacon streaks,” Jennifer demanded.

This time, she wasn’t playing games, her irritation was easily identified in her sharp voice. He knew he’d gone too far this time. So off he went to get Thomas back from his room, which he just slammed the door to. She looked at young Max, who was grinning while eyeballing dad’s plate.

“You know you want to, go ahead,” she encouraged.

Finally, they were ready to face the day. But Jennifer’s desperate clenching big buttocks were making a plea, and insisted her to ask a favour from Ben.

“Hey Ben, it has been a tough week for me…” she admitted. “Could you do something for me?”

“I thought so,” he replied. “What do you want?”

“Could you take the kids to school today?” she asked. “I just want some time to freshen up before work today.”

“Yeah, alright,” he said, without a disagreement. Normally he would try to weed his way out of it but he wanted to make up for being an ass earlier.

“Y-you will? Thank you honey…”

Ben and the kids said goodbye to Jennifer, and they walked out to the garage to get into his electric car. She didn’t like it, she preferred the good old petrol guzzlers, as they were more reliable.

As soon as she heard the door close, the felt her own back door opening. She rushed to the bathroom to finally take care of the cause of her massive discomfort. As fast as she could move, she closed the door, pulled up her business skirt, tore her satin panties and pantyhose down and flomped her big butt down onto the toilet. She knew that this was going to be biblical. She knew that an event as monumental as the second coming of christ was about to happen. And it was going to emerge from her, and it was going to be shitty. She didn’t need any help spreading herself open, she could already feel her colon forcing her anus wide. But her troublesome big nuggety load wouldn’t come without a fight, even if she was ready to deliver her turd baby with her gut opened wide. She began to rub her stomach and slowly heave down. But then she heard them coming back inside, and suddenly, her anus closed back up and she had to hold it back in.

“Yay! No school today!”

This news was followed by an insistent warning knock at the door and Ben barging right in and closing it behind him.

“Jenny…” he said, looking at his big bottomed wife on the toilet.

She wasn’t shy about pooping in front of him, not at all. But when she had a colossal buildup like this, she didn’t want anyone to see her, especially the state she was about to put the toilet in, and why she prepared gloves and a garbage bag in advance, anticipated the queen of all toilet blockages. Even though she loved him, and he loved her unconditionally, she would rather die than have her husband, or anyone else know that she very well could be taking the biggest shit in all of human history and that she was going to murder this toilet, as strong as its flush was.

She fondly remembers one time, when he walked in on her pooping. He walked over, pulled her off the toilet while she profusely protested, looked in the toilet bowl and crassly commented, “My, that was a big one.”

And in her embarrassment and fluster, she retaliated by saying, “Do you have a poo fetish or something!”

He already had the perfect response, “No, I have a you fetish.”

This altercation was followed by very hard sex, and this was what broke the barrier of not wanting to poop in front of her husband.

Even so, she was sitting on the toilet, she knew it was going to be colossal, and she didn’t want an audience this time.

“I forgot to put the charger in my car last night.”

She knew what was going to happen. He was going to ask her to take him to work, the kids at school and turn up to work late. And she was fuming.

“You fucking idiot!” she yelled.

“Haha! Mommy said the fuck word!” Max laughed outside the door.

She quickly put her hand over her mouth, realizing that she just taught her youngest son a very, VERY naughty word. And the word ‘fuck’ was going through her husband Ben’s mind with every glance he was giving her sexy voluptuous body sitting down on the shitter, widening her already fat arse. But now wasn’t the time, even he realized that.

“D-did you take the test?” he asked.

She was taken by surprise, but she took that excuse and ran with it. It was better than telling him she wanted them out of the house so she could blow up the bathroom in peace.

“Y-yes…” she said.

“And?”

“It was negative…” she lied. She didn’t ultimately know, but it would have been worse if she said the test was positive.

She was 36. There was still time for another baby, but even so, at this age, her and her husband’s fertility have declined, and it was no longer guaranteed that she could become pregnant. She saw her husband’s face collapse in on itself. He was devastated. But in her weakness, and the vulnerable position of sitting over the toilet, with her bowel’s relief only a push away, yet she was so far from being able to empty herself, as she now needed to take everyone in her car. She got up, still feeling her ass slightly opened and uncomfortable standing upright. But she took the initiative. She walked up to Ben and forcefully shoved him against the sink.

“Don’t worry Ben, I’ll bring another lovely baby into this world,” she said, with incredibly seductive eyes and a grotesquely enticing sexual invitation.

“I would love nothing more than a beautiful little baby girl for our sons to protect, and someone to calm them down…” he sobbed, nearly crying.

“I’ll give you a daughter Ben,” she spoke. “Whatever it takes… But for now, we should be thankful we’re still afloat.”

She referenced the move. Where they had to sell their cushy city townhouse to move further out into suburbia, which was the only thing they could comfortably afford. They weren’t poor by any means, but ever since the move, commute times were tripled and they had to move into an area they didn’t like. But they were still bringing up a family, and that’s all that mattered.

“I know I’ve been a stupid ass lately… I’ll change. I’ll do it for you, I’ll do it for the kids… But I have to admit, wanting a third child has been tearing me apart lately, I just want to make it happen so badly,” he confessed.

“God I love you Ben, even if you are a stupid ass.”

Later, on the highway, Jennifer, with her husband behind her and the two rowdy kids in the back were stuck. Because of the slight delay, they were now stuck in peak hour traffic. And she had to hold her poo in simultaneously. She felt stubborn cramping every inch the car was able to budge due to the gridlock. She definitely didn’t want her husband or kids knowing she needed to relieve herself. And she spend her time thinking about how she would empty herself before work. But she came to the conclusion, in this emergency situation that she’d call off work just this once. She took advantage of every leave day when she got them immediately, so this wouldn’t be easy.

“Yellow car!” Max called out as he whacked Thomas.

“Ow! I’ll get you back for that!” Thomas retaliated.

“O-oh no you won’t!” Jennifer yelled. “Ben, deal with them!”

Finally, the kids were dropped off, but Jennifer had some kids to drop off at the pool, and she couldn’t do that until she got to either a public bathroom, back home, or begrudgingly to work.

“I… I think I need the day off,” Jennifer spoke to Ben.

“Do you think they’ll let you off for today?”

“I’ll have to call her and see if that’s possible, but I think I know the answer.”

She persisted on with her aching abdomen until she dropped Ben off at his workplace. But as soon as he left, she felt the urge even stronger. It felt like a Goliath was about to crawl out of her stomach and no amount of pressure she fought it off with would work. In fact, she was certain she was going to have an accident. And her white panties, clear pantyhose and beige business skirt weren’t going to mix well with brown. She got her phone and dialed her boss while jiggling in her seat, about to burst.

“Ahh… Jennifer…” her arrogant superior spoke down.

“Hey uhh, I was just wondering, it has been a hectic week and I’m very busy,” she spoke. “Can I have today off?”

After a brief delay, she replied, “You know that today is the ‘Better Practices Business’ lecture, right?”

“Oh! I thought that was next week, sorry, I must have forgotten,” Jennifer replied.

“Well hopefully you haven’t forgotten how important this meeting is, in fact, it’s mandatory staff attendance. I’m sorry, if you’re unable to show up today, I’ll have to let you go.”

Jennifer hung up immediately. She had something of her own to let go, and now she had no choice. She had to show up or risk losing her job. She knew her boss wouldn’t be at all understanding or sympathetic.

“BITCH!!!” she yelled into the void, with no one able to hear, thankfully.

Finally, she showed up, clutching her stomach and the bowel ache she’s been carrying around for nearly 7 days. Her frown looked like a wet Friday. The best day of the week. Ruined. She walked into the office with her rich gold-red hair in a bun, as professionally required, as she strut her big frame into the main foyer, through the glass doors, where the meeting was being held. She was 10 minutes late. And her boss was at the door, ready to persecute her like a vulture.

She was a shrew of a woman, and was ambitious to her own fault. Her greying brown bun betrayed her hatred for any women who dared put their families after their work, either that, or it was jealousy that it was too late for her to have biological children of her own. It was her own fault, she wanted to become a corporate cutthroat, and her emasculated eunuch husband didn’t dare disobey her, working as her inferior.

“You’re late.”

“I’m very sorry about this, I might be pregnant. I’m really feeling the morning sickness,” she spoke. “Can I use the bathroom?”

“Might be?” she inquired. “Go to a doctor. Until they can verify you are indeed pregnant, you’re not pregnant, and you’re subject to the same scrutiny as everyone else.”

“Oh but… Please, it’s an emergency,” she asked.

“If it’s an emergency, go.” her boss replied, but then gave a caveat. “But the second you leave this room, your termination will be drafted immediately.”

As if it was bad enough that she had to endure with full, aching guts for all this time, she was forced to hold it in for another two hours, otherwise her entire livelihood might be destroyed, all because she needs a fat shit.

Begrudgingly, she sat down, until she found that she couldn’t sit down. The chair was right below her, she was sitting on it, but unless she tilted her backside on the chair, sitting down directly would give her a sharp pain in the guts and it felt like her pelvis was going to be ripped apart. To deter this pain, she had to sit slanted on her chair in the meeting, and it looked very awkward, uncomfortable and unprofessional. It was clear that the turd descended all the way into her rectum, it was ready to come out, it just needed permission to pass, and she was adamant about keeping her sphincter as strong as adamantium, and closed shut.

The meeting was exactly as she’d anticipated, it was full of boring skeletal old men throwing buzzwords about ‘the economy’, ‘inflation’, ‘deficit’, ‘expenditure,’ and a bunch of other corporate words that she could only barely grasp so she could hold down a highly paid job in business. She hated working in an office, she preferred the days when she stayed at home to take care of Max when he was still a baby, but everything changed after her husband’s redundancy. Either way, life as it was is now gone, and she has spent the last two years in this concrete tomb of old corporate cryptofacsist hacks in dire need of colostomy bags. Although at the moment, Jennifer could use one, if for nothing else, to get just the slightest pressure off her stomach, bowels and back. She couldn’t sit up straight, she was hunched over, making room for her ever growing fecal baby, which she was expecting any moment, and every other moment, it would knock on her back door screaming to be let out.

After an hour in the meeting and being quizzed with silly questions to gauge members’ engagement, the screams of her baby began to get louder and became pungent. One particular event, she needed to get some gas out, because she felt like she was going to explode with the pressure building up inside her. She managed to discreetly let out a silent, constant fart that pffffffffft out of her over the span of 15 seconds. What she didn’t anticipate, as well as every other unsuspecting business man and woman was the stench of death, and it was inescapable, as they were all trapped in a giant glass room which looked like an aquarium tank, and Jennifer was the one hot-boxing them all.

She glared around the room, and as sure as anything, there were funny expressions on nearly everyone’s face, glaring around the room, as if their eyes could spot the culprit that only their poor nostrils could detect. The smell was beyond godawful, it was the smell of 7 days of built up, constipated shit rotting away in her methane filled guts. But she had no choice, and as her bowels filled up with this highly explosive, heavy gas, she had to quietly air it out of her system.

Suddenly, out of no where, someone broke the silence on whoever broke wind.

“Who passed gas?” one man asked, holding his nose.

“Enough, as I was saying, we must expand out margins to meet the demands o- y,yes what is that?” the main lecturer spoke, finally getting a whiff of what Jennifer’s been cooking for nearly a week.

“Christ! Whoever that was, go to the bathroom!” a woman yelled.

“There will be no breaks, we only have 45 minutes left!” the boss yelled.

“My money’s on fat George!” one businessman yelled, pointing at a seemingly obvious culprit, a fat older man. But his confident dismissal made everyone point their fingers at other people, as it clearly wasn’t him.

“Jennifer, was that you?” one younger upstart man asked.

Jennifer began to blush, but she controlled herself just in time before suspicions deemed her guilty.

“Leave Jennifer alone, if I had to guess, you’re the one who passed wind since you’re the one accusing everyone around the room of doing it Gilbert!” Jennifer’s coworker Lucy yelled.

Lucy stuck up for her when no one else was. There wasn’t going to be a death penalty for whoever was deemed guilty of passing wind, but it would have been the greatest humiliation regardless. And right after Lucy, the 26 year old woman with a black bob in garish red, struck down Gilbert’s accusation, everyone swamped in to accuse her instead.

“Enough, someone open the fucking doors!” one of the seniors demand.

“They stay shut!” the boss demanded.

“This is a bunch of fucking bullshit anyway!” the same senior businessman replied, “You can take your profit and shove it up your deficit you old cow!”

Suddenly, the entire room was in an uproar over the cause of the deathly smell, because it really was that bad.

Jennifer was surprised that, with the knowledge that she had to go to the bathroom, the boss didn’t immediately accuse her. Perhaps she was none the wiser thankfully. Suddenly, order was brought back into the room, but not after the senior businessman ripped off his badge and kicked the door down to go outside. It was behavior so bad, it reminded Jennifer of Max’s classroom, and the teacher who was helpless to keep them under control.

But, with the seniors insisting that the doors be opened, they were opened. And everything settled down, but the smell still lingered.

It was down to the last fifteen minutes, and Jennifer was able to keep her bowels under check for the most of it. But she would lust over the thought of a massive log forcing its way out of her colon. She was fantasizing of filling a toilet bowl with her filthy bratwursts, and for some reason, it helped her manage it. She passed the minute long seconds even faster, but she was also teasing herself with the anticipation of finally letting her big poo out. And in fifteen minutes, she would be able to desiccate her bowels and destroy a work toilet as collateral damage, but until then, the urge only got stronger and stronger. With so much stress, the next ten minutes felt like an hour, but there were only five minutes left, and her eyes were glued to the second hand of the clock, which was ticking by painfully slowly.

But it happened, as she was holding all the methane in, all it took was the slightest quiver in her anus, and in an explosive burst, all the filthy wind she’d been keeping held in blew up and whooshed out of her anus, reverberating with nearly enough strength to push the chair out from under her and send her into orbit as a new satellite. A big fat, loud and relieving fart made itself known to everyone on the room. And then, everyone in the room knew who it came from, as Jennifer clutched her hands over her face, still tilted on her chair. She wanted to bawl her eyes out and then jump off the balcony. The only thing stopping her from jumping off the balcony was knowing how much shit would overfill in her panties after she died.

A fate more mortifying than death itself awaited her. Everyone in the room wanted her dead as much as she wanted herself dead. One lapse of strength in her tiring anus cost her every scrap of dignity she had, and it was all unsalvageable now, all she had left to look forward to was humiliation and embarrassment. From that day on, everyone would remember her as the woman who tried to gas everyone in a glass tomb and blew a fart loud enough to bring back the hearing of the deaf. On the plus side, she felt a lot better with all of that gas out of her, and it eased her desperation to poop ever so slightly. But the fatal blow to her femininity was the ultimate price to pay. She couldn’t take it anymore, her face fell into her hands and she began lightly crying. Lucy tried to console her. Even after knowing that it was truly her, she tried to comfort her after she commit professional and social suicide.

“See, I told you it was her,” Gilbert exonerated himself. No one clapped, no one gave him an aware, everyone just stared at him in disgust of how out of touch he was.

As bad as the smell was, other than Gilbert, no one felt happy looking at Jennifer in a crying, embarrassed heap. As her crying became more audible and desperate, Lucy grabbed her and led her outside. With only three minutes left, the boss surely wouldn’t do anything punitive against either Lucy or Jennifer. But as Jennifer walked, she let out more explosive gas, as well as her bowel movement dropping out of her anus and finally making contact with her white panties. She was thankful that it was as hard as a rock and not liquid, otherwise it would have continued its muddy advance and left Jennifer in a puddle of her own tears as well as shit. Lucy knew exactly where to take poor Jennifer. To the women’s restroom. Those farts were definitely the smell of a long incarcerated bowel movement.

“Here you go, Jen,” Lucy spoke, directing her to a stall. “I hope you don’t mind, I also have to take care of my… business.”

In her mercy, Lucy shared her own toilet needs with Jennifer, but she did also desperately need a dump as well, as her ass clutching betrayed.

“T-thank you so much Lucy!” she muttered.

Jennifer locked the door, and gently took off her skirt and pulled down her pantyhose and white knickers, which now had a streak of brown, but it was nothing serious. As Jennifer slowly descended her bottom down, a few nuggets fell out of her and onto the floor.

“I think you dropped something,” Lucy said, as a nugget rolled under the stall into hers.

Jennifer couldn’t get more embarrassed, and now Lucy could see what was stuck inside her. A black chunk of compact shit, and more had to come out. Jennifer was finally seated, and she buckled over and leaned forward as far as she could. But nothing would budge.

“I haven’t pooed for 7 days,” Jennifer confessed to her coworker, who had her own confession to make.

“Really? Wow, it’s no wonder you had to go. I’ve held this in for 3 days but I’ve been needing to shit all morning. I completely forgot about the meeting.”

“So did I, if only I took care of my business before the meeting,” Jennifer stated.

“You should take the bosses motto from now on,” Lucy spoke. “Business comes first.”

“From now on, I won’t be neglecting my business ever again,” Jennifer remarked, eliciting a laugh from Lucy.

But that wasn’t the only sound Lucy made. Lucy made a massive, dense splash in the stall neighbouring Jennifer and it sounded like a boulder crashing into the sea, it was massive, and Jennifer could tell it must have been a big one. As if the one splash wasn’t enough, after a big hissing fart, Lucy’s bowels let out a volley of repeating splashes, as her own nuggets fell into the water one after the other. But finally, Lucy sighed relief as a massive final splash hit the water.

“That one got my butt wet!” Lucy giggled. “Yuck!”

“You’re lucky you got that out so fast,” Jennifer replied. “I’m still pushing.”

“Are you ok, do you need a laxative?” Lucy asked.

“No, I’m alright, it’ll come out eventually.”

In truth, Jennifer was waiting for her to leave. And finally, after hearing the flush and a farewell, Jennifer felt more comfortable. She’s thankful to Lucy for getting her out of there, but now Jennifer was going to put this industrial strength toilet out of commission. Permanently.

Jennifer buckled over and her massive, dark nuggety crown showed itself, stretching her anus to its absolute breaking point, spreading her almost 4 inches in diameter. As the apex of her vile smelling crown emerged, so did a barrage of gas, as the explosive force of the wind dislodged nuggets off her log, which splish-sploshed in the toilet. They were so compact and dense that every plop was loud and sounded as if a bucket of marbles were being poured into the toilet water. But Jennifer couldn’t take it anymore.

“Ahhhhh!” Jennifer verbalized loudly as her bowel ache forced itself out of her overstretched rectum, tearing apart her delicate anus on the way out. Having given birth twice, Jennifer would happily admit that this bowel movement felt akin to giving birth. It caused an intense spasm of pleasure and brutal pain simultaneously. But the battle was far from over. As another broadside of shit plops hit the water, making the bathroom sound like a faithful recreation of the battle of Pearl Harbor, she gasped out loud as the head of her log was finally exiting her colon. She pressed down with all her might and a feeling of intense light-headedness struck her.

She was especially glad that her husband wasn’t here to see her like this, especially not while she was growing a thick dark brown dragon’s tail out of her arse, and like a dragon’s thorny, scaly tail, it was just as hard, sharp and big. She then made a tremendous push, and with it, out came an entire foot’s length of hard, compacted shit, bundled up into a painfully compressed bundle, delivering the pain of a thousand punches in the gut with every inch it slithered out of her gut, like a giant, mutant turd slug.

Only another push was all it took to get the remainder of her colon-blocking log out of her. But suddenly, she could push no more. She looked in the toilet. Her thick, solid shit was hitting the very back of the basin, there was no where else for it to go and it was too rigid to bend, so she did the only thing she could do. She gently lifted her bottom and came forward, but it still wasn’t enough. Finally, she stood, and the tail of her shit fell out and landed outside the rim of the toilet and onto the seat itself.

“O-oh god…” Jennifer spoke.

And this wasn’t even all of her shit, as soon as she stood up she felt another huge poo sliding down descending colon. This was going to be another big fat log. This time, with the seat ruined by her shit, she stood up and let out a huge chocolatey brown snake out the ass. It fell into the toilet with a heavy plonk in record time and plugged up the already unflushable toilet even more. The toilet was already clogged and dead, but Jennifer’s guts were still overloaded with poo, now it was just fun and games to see just how badly she could destroy this toilet, and it was her revenge for the ultimate humiliation.

Yet another caramel snake fell out from her gut and began coiling up. Hunched over in a semi-squat/stand position, her sloppy snaking caramel made contact with the little water left and her two huge turds while it was still inside her ass. And she pushed quickly, unraveling the long rope of shit into the toilet until it floomped into the bowl completely. One last wave of poo rushed out, spraying wet chunks and bursts of wet shit with a bombardment of gassy shit-wind. Jennifer felt the need to sit back down but now her main dark brown log, which was the length of half her large intestine, was intimately close to her vagina. But she had to sit, otherwise her shit would be on the toilet rather than in it. But it wasn’t as if the toilet could get any worse.

Finally, the coffee she had this morning must have been coming out, as a huge bomb of liquid shit splashed into the bowl, splattering chunks of her shit all over the bowl. Once she stood up to wipe herself clean, she gazed into the murder scene of a toilet. There was no way this toilet was ever going to flush again.

But there is one thing Jennifer forgot. She forgot to pee. But she noticed something. Her stomach was still bulging even though she got all of the feces out of her bowels. She decided to finally do the pregnancy test while she peed. She peed on the detector while her stream awkwardly angled into the toilet, and she looked down at it. Two red lines.

It looked like she was going to introduce another bundle of love into the world after all.

THE END

*005*2022-07-31 14:54

Thank you all so much for the positive reception, and I'm very sorry I've been away on hiatus. Unfortunately, this will continue for another week. After this, I intend to continue my current series 'The Chronicles of a Thick, Poop-shy Goth Girl' until completion while writing other short standalone stories. I'll give you all a hint for my next one; it's about a baker's girl who bakes big loaves, except two very different kinds of loaves.

{{On 7/23/2022 at 12:19 AM, adambb said:

Great story love the desperation detail! Please do more like this it was very good, more turtleheading next time?

}}

Thank you for the feedback, I'll keep a note to have an emphasis on desperation from now on. I'll see what I can do about turtleheading too, this story was quite rushed towards the end. Ultimately, this short story was an experiment. Every short story I write after this should have more fine polish and more balanced pacing.

{{On 7/23/2022 at 11:35 AM, Brown&amp;yellow said:

This is Excellently written and perfectly hot in all the right ways!

I have already bookmarked this story because I know I will be reading this repeatedly.

Thank you for writing this and sharing this masterpiece with us.

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it, I'd love to know what your favorite parts of my story were. Thank you very much for regarding my work as a masterpiece, I personally thing I could have done better. I hope to write more filthy masterpieces into the near future, after a short hiatus of course.

{{On 7/25/2022 at 2:55 PM, asperman1 said:

Very AWESOME story, is there any chance we get get more Jenifer stories, maybe while she is pregnant?

}}

Thank you, and this was meant to be a standalone story, as will my next short stories. But the reception to this was so incredible it would be foolish to refuse such a suggestion. I won't confirm that I'll be writing more stories about Jennifer, but sometime down the track I'll definitely think about it. As for the possibility of writing a story of her while she's pregnant, I really don't want to do that sorry, I believe I went too close to risque for comfort making her a mother in the first place and including her children in any capacity at all. Wherever possible, I try to ensure all characters in my stories are clearly stated as being over the age of 18, except where exposition requires it, which is the same with my ongoing series.

Thanks for the feedback and reception, I'll go on hiatus for a week, and when I come back I'll slowly but surely continue my current series through to completion and write more short stories. I may even convert this thread into my short stories thread because I don't want to quite literally shit up the Omarashi fiction section. A lot of people don't like brownies, and I respect that, I'll try to take up as little space as possible because my writing output is incredible.

