Through the Storm - Page 4

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*075*2018-01-03 01:23

While Renny explains the situation, Durzum a kindly middle-aged half orc goes up to Gwen and puts his hands on her forehead. Despite his gentle demeanor Renny can see this seriously unnerving for Gwen by the wild-eyed look she has on her face. Not really that surprising since first contact for her was a dragon attack. “Don’t worry miss, he may look like something that crawled out of one of the hells, but Durzum is a complete softy and our squad medic.”

“Crawled out of the hells?!” he huffs indignantly. “My mother says I’m the most handsomest lad in all of Solanus.”

“That’s because you have a face only a mother could love lieutenant!” The two continue to banter back and forth good naturedly as he slowly goes through the process of assensing Gwen’s aura. “Hmmmmm…”

“Is it bad?”

“It’s lucky”

“Lucky?”

“That or the Father’s own hand that you fell from a downed aircraft without a chute and only suffered a hairline fracture to your C5 vertebra.”

“I get that magic is apparently thing, that’s going to take a lot of getting used to, but how did you specifically figure that out?

Durzum explains as they help Gwen onto a gurney and strap a collar on her neck as a precaution. “Every living thing is surrounded by a field of vital energy, it’s aura. When there is an illness or injury it can be seen as a distortion in the persons aura. You had a distortion type that typically corresponds with minor fractures at the location of your C5 vertebra. Given that you are waking and only complained of soreness, I surmised that it was only a hairline.”

“Huh, that’s nifty” The squad set’s off, moving as fast they can without jostling Gwen. They had already completed their previous search and destroy mission. Now they have a new objective, get the injured and confused off worlder to safety. During the entire walk Renny talks to her nonstop to keep her relaxed. She asks about earth, her family, her studies and research. From chemical research the conversation moves to thaumatology. Gwen is happy to have as massive and intellectually intimidating a subject as the existence of magic to focus her mind on. Before long both women are happily geeking out, there hands locked together the whole time.

&&

*080*2018-01-03 02:54

It’s two hours before they make it back to base. Renny and Durzum personally escort her to the battalion’s field hospital. A nurse, who turns out to be a cat person, loudly announces their presence with a shout of “Human civilian with C5 fracture incoming!!” and uses a marker to sketch a symbol denoting spinal injury onto Gwen’s hand. From there it’s a whirlwind of activity as the doctors and nurses get to work on Gwen cutting her out of her ruined clothes in the process. Knowing that she’s in good hands Renny leaves to wright up her report and be debriefed, while Gwen is being poked and prodded by the medical staff as they asses her injuries. A few hours later the medical staff have confirmed that Gwen has only a hairline cervical fracture and can get up and move around if she wears a neck brace. Renny is now off duty and stops by to check on her.

They chat some more before a major from military intelligence shows up to interview Gwen. He is accompanied by a young aid who is lugging a camera that looks like it would have been at home on the set of a Charlie Chaplin film. Also in attendance is the base psychologist, who doubles as the Chaplin. Their here to make sure the major doesn’t accidentally traumatize the patient.

Gwen gives her account of the destruction of united flight 519. One of the many war crimes attributed to the dragon that pompously styles himself as “The Dread Wurm Teramatrix”. Renny’s mission was actually the last before her unit ships back to Zeramar. Because of Gwen’s injury needing immediate treatment from an osteomancer and the obvious bond that seems to be forming, Dr. Grant the psychologist and Dr. Hedron the emergency med doc who first treated Gwen decide to put them both on the first Airship leaving in the morning. Reasoning that keeping them together should make the recovery process smoother and less painful.

*082*2018-01-03 05:15

Gwen manages to get a small amount of sleep before a nurse wakes her up at 5:00 A.M. to load her onto the transport. Gwen looks quite the sight dressed in a pair of pale green scrubs, thick white socks, arms covered in bruises and her neck in a brace as she is wheeled along. The situation is made at least tolerable by the fact that it’s Renny who is pushing the chair. That and Renny brought her a strong cup of coffee from the officer’s mess that surprisingly tastes halfway decent.

In only a short time she has grown to like the Gnomish captain. Her energy, sense of humor, and intelligence all make for a winning combination. Her expressive eyes and striking unusual hair color are super cute. Gwen blushes as she realizes that she’s crushing hard on this girl. Gwen isn’t exactly sure what her sexuality is, she’s enjoyed relationships with both men and women; neither gay, straight, or bi really describes her. She likes what she likes and that’s it. And right now, she seems to be liking Renny a hell of a lot.

As they head for the transport various enlisted personnel and junior officers snap salutes in Renny’s direction followed by a chorus of “morning captain”s and “Is that the off worlder? Pleased to meet you, looks like you’ve been in one hell of a scrape.” By the time they get to the airship Gwen is still pretty groggy and is feeling a bit overwhelmed from all the attention. The site of the massive craft causes to her perk up instantly though as she gazes wide eyed at it.

Even to someone from late 20th century earth it is an impressive sight. Shaped like a massive elongated V, a shiny metal gondola sits between and below to large dirigibles. Three massive prop-engines jut from either side. Renny wheels Gwen up the main gangplank which is wide enough to accommodate four lanes of traffic. She then takes her up to the infirmary to get checked into her room, where she and Renny share breakfast before relaxing for a few hours. At 8:50 A.M. a whistle sounds, and a voice comes over the loud speaker. “All hands. All hands. Prepare for takeoff. I say again, All hands prepare for takeoff.” A low rumble fills the entire structure as the engines start to warm up, Renny grins as she pulls Gwen to her feet. “Come on, I was able to get us permission to watch from the bridge!” She takes off pulling a surprised and smilling Gwen behind her.

*084*2018-01-03 18:04

They arrive on the bridge and its’ quite impressive. Rows of consoles with crew seated stretch three deep to an elevated catwalk in front of window. It is made of multiple glass panes, is dozens of yards wide and as tall as a two-story building. Just in front of the door is an elevated platform with some kind of large circular brass and wood contraption. Floating a few feet above it is a large cyan crystal that appears to be projecting a holographic display. Standing next to this a severe looking woman with raven colored hair and wearing a uniform screams authority figure. Renny snaps a crisp salute as she approaches “Commander.”

“Magus”

Her expression softens as a faint smile appears.”

“You must be Renny, I’ve so heard much about you.”

“All of it exaggerated I’m sure which is just the away I like it.” Her smile widens ever so slightly. “And you must be the off worlder I’ve also been hearing about. That took stones surviving that hellhole.” Gwen tries to stammer a polite reply.

“Well feel free stand anywhere you like as long as it’s not too close to someone’s duty station; were about to take off.” The catwalk seems to offer the best views, Gwen and Renny positions themselves directly in the middle.” At 9:00 A.M. sharp there is series of loud thumps as the mooring cables detach and the transport slips the bonds of earth.

Slowly, at about 52 mph it ascends in a wide lazy circle. Gwen watches intently as the surrounding farms and countryside grow smaller and smaller until they take on the distant gameboard appearance familiar to any one who’s traveled by air. After fifteen minutes have passed. The sound of various radio transmissions fills the bridge. “Transport #82, this is Transport #1112. Preparing to pull into convoy formation. Transport #447 also ready to assume formation.”

“Acknowledged triple one two and four forty-seven.” The holographic display shows two more transports pulling up behind in a ponderous yet strangely serene fashion. It makes Gwen think of documentary she saw on “Nature” about swimming elephants.

A flash of motion catches her attention as several old school biplanes swing in long arc in front of the airship, wagging their wings as they go. “Transport convoy this is guardian flight we are preparing to assume escort formation.”

“Acknowledged guardian flight.” Gwen’s attention shifts to the holodisplay, fascinated as she watches the planes take position fore, aft, and to the sides. A fifth one circles the convoy in a slow diagonal orbit. Renny and Gwen continue to watch the activity out the window for another ten minutes before they realize that they’ve been holding hands the whole time. They pull apart awkwardly, Gwen is holding her arms crossed and Renny is scratching the back of her neck. “Come on I’ll properly introduce you to the rest of “One Eye” squad!”

“One Eye?”

“It’s kind of an old boogeyman story about a vengeful specter named One Eyed Jack. Who naturally had lost one of his for his many sins. It kind’a ties into the whole command mystique of appears as swift vengeance from nowhere.”

“Ah okay I get it.” As they walk off the bridge Gwen and Renny share a look before taking each other’s hands.

Over the course of the two-day trip Gwen spends most of the time watching the scenery roll by or hanging out with Renny and her squad-mates. As they get close to Zeramar City the mood is oddly sober. “So guys I’ve got to ask, why does everyone seem so bummed?” Darom a burly dwarf is the first to answer “ ‘Cus were all gonna resign our commissions soon as we get back to the capital.”

“Oh?”

“Aye, it’s probably the last time some of us will see the others.”

“But..”

“Why do it?”

“Oh, the army’s been good to us and I’ve happily served king and country but I’m tired.”

“Were all tired” This time it’s a half-elf women Lidia who speaks. Durzum’s rumbling voice joins the chorus.

“Tired of death and watching others suffer as even with all your power you can do nothing.” A large dark-skinned man named Caleb chimes in next, his voice is deep musical and cultured. “Tired of being sent to broken lands to fix problems that cannot be fixed.” Darom “Some of us will miss the structure and sense of purpose that military life has.”

“Not me!” Renny teases. “Oh we know you’re a wild one captain” The mood briefly lightens, before even Renny becomes more sober “I think I speak for all of us when I say I’ll miss the friends I’ve made along the way, most.” All as one “Here Here!!!” ……. “Were all going for drinks to celebrate our retirement towards the end of the month, you’re welcome to join us Gwen.”

“Aye we consider you to be an honorary member of One Eye squad and insist on your being there.”

“Really? all I did was fall out of a plane and hide until help literally stumbled across me.”

“Listen lass! You survived a fall that could’a killed a hero from the dawn age! With naught but a small fracture and a motley collection of bruises! Then you hauled yourself across one the nastiest patches of mud in that whole bloody conflict to safety, alone and unarmed. They’ll be tellin that story for years!” Renny cuts in “You’re honestly one of the most badass people I’ve ever known.” Gwen's faced is flushed from both joy, exhilaration, and embarrassment. “I’ll be there”. She says as the whole squad smiles at her.

*086*2018-01-04 02:00

Next update is going to have some heavy shit. Content Warning is in place for PTSD related sequence.

...................

........................

......................

*088*2018-01-04 02:38

As they descend towards the airfield, late on the second day, Gwen and Renny take in the view from the bridge. Zeramar city is a metropolis of approximately 3.43 million people. The center of society that has been industrializing for about a century now through a mix of magic and technology. Stone and Concrete skycrapers tower above smaller brick apartments and older historical buildings. Although the gothic and neoclassical looking towers of the Gods’ Ward and the national university give them some competition.

A variety of car’s ranging from local turn of the century looking models to modern exotics from dozen’s of worlds clog the streets. The skies are filled with various magical and technological fliers corralled into neat lanes by municipal air traffic control, their even appears to be a sort of pedestrian lane for slower flyers. Gwen stares open mouthed as a being that looks a giant Portuguese man of war and a group of areomancers head for drinks after a long day at the office. Several districts are lit up with the glow of neon lights. All to soon though they are touching down at the airfield where a waiting ambulance whisks Gwen and Renny to King Ulfrich II Memorial Army Hospital.

The next morning Gwen has her appointment with the osteomancer who carefully knits the fracture on her C5 vertebra closed. Any sufficiently skilled medical thaumaturge could have done this but to be on the safe side procedure dictates that spinal injuries be treated by someone specialized in bone and or nerve regrowth. Since there is a 7-5% chance of aggravating the injury and a .7-2% chance of causing bone spur growth that could damage the spinal cord. An experienced and knowledgeable practitioner is needed to spot complications before they become a problem.

As a further precaution Gwen will be kept in the hospital for a full two weeks of observation and physical therapy and have a follow up appointment in a month. During this time; Renny, who is waiting for her retirement paperwork to clear, stays by her side almost 24/7. She is worried about Gwen, she’s accepted that she seems to be falling for the off-world human and wants to help her. But now that the initial flurry of activity has died down she has become tense and withdrawn pacing her room and staring off into space.

Then there are the nightmares. Gwen wakes up screaming twice in the first week, startling Renny awake and bringing the nurses running. On the last day of the week Renny and Gwen have a screaming row. It starts with this… “Look I understand you’re hurting and I want to help. I care about you and I hate to see that.”

“You understand? How the fuck could you! I’ve gone from starting my post doc to lying in a hospital on some alien planet! With weird ass aliens, and a war, and nothing seeming right! Gwen yells about how she can’t understand what it’s like to lose everything. To have your whole future, career, and family torn away from you in flaming cluster fuck, as the whole universe seem to lose its God damn mind. How she’ll never see home again. How she’s basically gone from college professor to refuge. “HOW THE FUCK COULD YOU UNDERSTAND THAT??!!!”

“Your right…” Renny whispers “I don’t understand what that is like….”

“BUT DON’T YOU THINK I’VE ALSO SEEN SOME SHIT??!!!!”

“I WAS THERE FOR FIVE GODS’ DAMNED YEARS IN THAT SLAUTERHOUSE THAT EVERYONE PRETENDS IS A COUNTRY!!!!!”

“I’VE KILLED PEOPLE!!!” Renny goes on to tell Gwen about the first time she saw someone shot, the first time she saw someone die, a young corporal she was friends with. He was a gnome like her; who could have easily lived to four or five hundred, he was 50 fifty when he died. He took a bullet to the neck and the spray from his carotid artery soaked Gwen from face to stomach. She can still remember the coppery taste. She tells Gwen about the people she saw reduced to giblets by artillery shells and evocation magic, including people she personally saw die screaming as fire that she had summoned consumed them. 

The innocents, whole families, subjected to torture and other unspeakable acts at the hands of various local warlords. The children lying in the streets their faces disfigured by various nerve or blistering agents that were used. All of this awful truth is revealed to Gwen. The whole time the nurses watch in shocked silence, before rushing in as Gwen and Renny collapse into each other’s arms sobbing as the tears run down their faces. And later that night they hold each other tightly not even consciously aware of it as the nightmares come.

*089*2018-01-04 16:53

The road to recovery will be long for both Gwen and Renny, but in the end, they’ll make it. Thanks in no small part to having each other. Over the next week they continue to slowly open up to each other, one of the staff psychologists, a support group for veterans and a group for people displaced by dimensional anomalies respectively. During her last week in the hospital Gwen is visited by someone from social services, who begins the process of helping her settle into her new life in Zeramar. Officially Gwen is considered an involuntarily displaced foreign national (subclass dimensional incident) and is to be considered a guest of the state for as long she wishes to remain. Or until she applies for citizenship.

The first thing is to set her up with a Residents Card. This will give her full access to the healthcare system, allow her to use the various Social Insurance services, use of the education system, apply for work, and operate any vehicle she can pass the license test for. She cannot vote in elections. She will also receive her first UBI check and a large lump sum to help with resettlement expenses in two to three weeks. The social worker also recommends a class that is basically a crash course on the history, geography, and culture of Solanus with a focus on Zeramar. It’s designed specifically for dimensionally displaced persons from moderate to high tech levels. It’s offered at most community colleges in the country. She also recommends a similar class for Zeramarian Civics.

*091*2018-01-04 18:45

In between the seriousness life altering stuff, however there were some moments of levity. Gwen’s room had a radio and she decided to tune into one of the local music stations just as the DJ announced the next group. “And let’s give it up for the Swing Kings” as the loud pulsing improvised notes heavy on the sax and other brass comes on Gwen smiles in surprise “You guys have jazz?”

“What’s jazz?” It turns out the that the music is a local style like jazz but different in several subtle ways called “Brass’er”. The women enjoy another opportunity geek out as they compare musical genres. They also share several laughs as they give dwarvish opera the MST3K treatment. By the end of Gwen’s hospital stay the girls are inseparable and Gwen gladly accepts Renny’s offer of being her flat mate while she figures out where to go from here.

The month is almost over, and Gwen is still trying to figure out how she wants to reassemble the various pieces of her life. The National University of Zeramar, seems like an obvious choice career wise. She’d have to take the regents exam in order to have her qualifications certified but she figured she could do that in her sleep. The colleges of physics, chemistry, and thaumatology had an interdisciplinary unit that worked on applied transmutation studies and the young physical chemist could see all sorts of opportunities there. Amazingly the investigation into the destruction of flight 519 had found her luggage.

Her laptop was sadly trashed but one of the military’s artificers was able to recover the data which included her thesis paper and current research proposal. She had shown printouts to the dean in charge of the group, who was so impressed that she offered Gwen a position on the spot, and said that she could see her being on the five-year fast track to tenure. Still she wasn’t quite sure she wanted to get back to work just yet. She still felt like she needed time to process and get her head space sorted before starting on building a new life. If she was being honest she was still grieving for the old one. Maybe she could take some time to travel. This was as a certain playwright put it “A brave new world with such people in it” and she really wanted to explore it. She decided that she would discuss this with Renny before they headed to One Eye squads big send off. Renny…. Now that’s also something she’s going to put some thought into.

The night is filled with boisterous laughter and shouting as One Eye squad valiantly strives to beat back the gloom and darkness inherent in potential final goodbyes. There are old tales told and war stories recounted, Gwen even shares a few of hers about grad school pranks and interdepartmental feuds. The liquor flows freely and old drinking songs are sung, as the friends try to work their way through The Pink Dragon on Parades entire stock. Eventually though all things must end and there are bear hugs, back slapping, and even a few tears. As one by one, the members of One eye squad say their goodbyes and take their leave. Until it is just Gwen and Renny left standing in the chill night air. Renny knows Gwen wants to go walk about to give herself time to figure out her life and the direction she wants. Renny wants to be supportive but is afraid of loosing her if she leaves. There’s only one thing she can do…..

“Gwen, I was wondering…. Could I be your tour guide to Solanus?” The silence is thick and heavy with tension “Shit! Did I blow this?” Renny’s mental question is answered with an affirmative no. Gwen rushes in and scoops up a surprised and amazed Renny. Cupping her backside in her hands as Renny’s legs instinctively lock around her waist. Renny feels her back slam into the bar’s brick wall, before her and Gwen’s lips meet. It seems as if they’re hungrily trying to devour each other as their tongues wrestle fiercely for several minutes. Renny shamelessly grinds against Gwen’s stomach her panties saturated with girl juice. Stopping to catch their breath Gwen and Renny stare deeply into each other’s eyes. “I’d like that, I’d really like that.”

“Gwen”

“Renny” in unison “I think I love you!” The girls let out a startled gasp staring wide eyed at each other before pulling into an embrace as once again the tears flow freely

*093*2018-01-04 19:00

{{1 minute ago, Melificentfan said:

Nawwwww I loved the ending it was so cute

}}

Glad to hear it. I'm feeling really proud of how I've been setting up this relationship dynamic. Going to get to get at least one more update in today and finish this chapter.

*095*2018-01-04 19:20

Rushing home that night the girls burst into their apartment tearing at each other’s clothes. Gwen now in just panties and bra shoves Renny onto the bed before hiking up her dress. Then she tears her hose to pieces before pulling down Renny’s saturated thong. Gwen makes a big show of sucking on the soiled garment. “God, these taste so good… I can only imagine what it must be like straight from the source!” The girls sharea hungry wolfish look before Gwen dives into Renny’s sex pulling the top of her dress down to play with her breasts. “Your nips are pierced?!” Renny has two silver bars with a fine thin chain connecting them sticking out of her nipples. “Yep, you like?”

“Oh hell yesss! These are gonn’a be fun to play with!” And Gwen spends the next hour doing just that bringing Renny to orgasm several times in the process, before overstimulation forces the girls to take a break. After resting and rehydrating, the girls resume their fun. The pace is much slower and less urgent now. Gwen and Renny take their time exploring each other’s bodies and figuring out what turns them on. This continues until around 4:30 in the morning when they fall a sleep tangled up together in blissful exhaustion.

*097*2018-01-04 21:20

After another month all the burecratic hoops have been dealt with and Renny is officially retired. The past month as been getting to know each other as Renny and Gwen spend time going on dates and doing other assorted new couple things. Renny has had a blast playing to tour guide showing Gwen the sites of Zeramar City and the surrounding country side. They catch shows and dinner in the neon lit Angathan’s court, check out the architecture and elaborate rituals in the Gods’ Ward, and see the strange live beasts at the zoological gardens and the fossilized ones in the museums at the university. The girls even watch a burlesque comedy show in the petal district. . For the past week most of Renny’s family has been visiting them. Enjoying spend time together in the big city. They are delighted to meet Renny’s new girlfriend.

Now they are packing and about to head out on what will be a yearlong “sabbatical” for Gwen before she starts her fellowship at the university. As they are leaving for the airport Renny is debating a momentous decision

… Whether or not she wants to make Gwen her bonded partner. She loves her deeply, but she knows humans consider these things oddly permanent and exclusive. And they tend to approach them much slower. She doesn’t want to rush into things and hurt Gwen. However, she’s never been one to second guess herself or hesitate on a major decision. She wants Gwen, all of her, good and bad, for however long it lasts.

“Gwen…” She looks up confused, Renny’s eyes are wide and she’s shaking, freaking artillery fire never made her this nervous. “There’s something I want to ask you, to ask of you.”

“Well Ask way” Gwen says forcing humor into tone, she’s spooked. The only time Renny’s ever looked this way is when one of them woke up from a nightmare. “Gwen Daniels… I desire you as my bonded partner. For a season or a lifetime, in good fortune or ill, however long the gods will… I desire you.” Renny speaks the ancient forms putting emphasis on the final word. Gwen is stunned as if she had been struck by a hammer “Oh! Oh my God! I… You want me to marry you?!!”

“It’s a bit different in Gnomish culture but yeah that’s the basic idea, so yes….”

“How… How would this work? Details?” Renny explains that traditionally this would make her and Gwen primary partners but that the relationship is not exclusive, they would be considered members of both Gwen and Renny’s families, and would hold property jointly. They would have the ability to mutually dissolve the relationship in an amicable fashion at any time they choose. Typical Gnomish bonding’s last for about ten to sixty years, and the people involved almost always remain friends and occasional lovers after it has ended.

Gwen spends several minutes thinking “Am I really going to do this? We’ve only been together for a couple month and yet…. Has anyone ever made fee like this before? I want this person more than anything. Oh my God I’m actually seriously considering getting married on a spur of the moment decision! Fuck! What’s wrong with me?” And yet she’s never felt so clear. A phrase pops into her head “Memento Mori” and her decision is made. “Yes. Yes! HELL FUCKING YES!!!” Two people squealing with joy collide in a flying tackle of a hug.

Gwen and Renny hold each other as they jump up and down, screaming, laughing, and crying all at the same time. Things are soon a flurry of activity as they call Renny’s family and the phone erupts with joyful shrieks and shouts. Then calling up the former members of One Eye squad who are all ecstatic, “Holy shit everyone the captains getting hitched!!” Renny Scrambles into a cocktail dress and Gwen hurries to buy one. They head down to the Gods’ Ward and in an hour, they have their marriage license. Soon Renny’s family arrives and has somehow managed to acquire a large elaborate cake on short notice. They are also lugging bottles of mead and sparkling wine. Several deacons set up tables as the members of One Eye squad trickle in. Finally, it’s time.

Renny and Gwen are escorted down the aisle by Renny’s parents, who are positively beaming. The sound of the choir and organ echoes through the massive old gothic structure. Surrounded by family and old comrades, Gwen and Renny speak their vows and a young badger folk priest in white and gold-threaded ecclesiastical robes pronounces them wed. Sweeping each other into a passionate kiss, the girls barely notice the thunderous cheers...... After that there is a brief reception with cake and drinks before roughly thirty people stuff two limos to capacity and head to the girls’ favorite restaurant in the Agarthon district.

At 8:45 P.M. after a whirlwind exhaustingly wonderful day the newly minted Daniels-Finnthighearns climb onto an airship. Waving good bye to family and friends as they embark on their yearlong honeymoon tour of Solanus.

*098*2018-01-04 21:28

And that my friends is the story of how Gwen and Renny met. :)

*100*2018-01-10 02:48

Ch 4.

The ending to this story all ways pushes back the darkness for Gwen and she feels her good mood return. Bri senses this and can fully relax as Gwen starts washing the rest of her. Arms and legs first. Then her stomach before working her way up to Bri’s pits. In the process she accidentally tickles her causing both women to burst into a fit of giggling. Moving on she begins to wash Bri’s breasts. Bri begins to feel a small amount of arousal but tries to brush it off.

“Turn around hon.” Bri does so and Gwen gently scrubs her back before going lower and soaping up her cheeks. Bri’s faces flushes, then she can’t help but gasp as the scrubbing reaches her crevice. She can feel Gwen’s fingers repeatedly brushing against her rosebud. “Okay one more time.” Bri turns around and Gwen begins to clean her pubic area. Noticing Bri’s expression she stops. “Everything okay dear?”

“Yeah no it’s fine….”

“Do you want me to stop?”

“No it’s just…”

“Has anyone bathed you sense you were a small child?”

“Just my girlfriend Katrina…”

“Ah… and you’re embarrassed because you got turned on?”

“Yes…” Bri’s face is scarlet. “Honey it’s okay I still bathe Liam and Callie occasionally, you know how many times that boy’s popped an erection?” Bri can’t help but laugh “Oh my God!”

“So, you wouldn’t be embarrassed if I start, you know… making noise?”

“Go ahead Bri, I have two teenagers, you couldn’t gross me out if you tried.” Gwens finishes washing Bri as she makes small pleasure noises. “All clean let’s get you toweled off!” After helping her get dry Gwen dresses Bri in a fluffy white terrycloth robe with matching slippers and leeds her down the hall past several bedrooms. “This was guest room but now it’s yours.” The room has the same hardwood floors and has a deep rich purple wallpaper with gold diamonds. A light colored rug and bright paintings working together with a skylight to keep it from becoming oppressively dark. The bed is a medium oak with white and purple trimmed sheets and has two built cabinets next to it. There is a bookcase. A desk with a surprisingly modern computer. A fire place on the opposite wall burns merrily with two leather armchairs and a coffee table in front. “Wait how is that fire burning there are no logs or gas line!”

“Magic.” Gwen says grinning, Bri smiles back eyes bright as Gwen digs through the spacious closet.

“Okay hon! This should work, drop your robe. You’re about the same size as Callie so this should fit you.” Bri shrugs out of robe. This woman has literally watched her take a shit and cleaned her vag while she made sexy noises. Modesty seems pointless. Bri chuckles to herself. Gwen is holding a thick flannel knee length night gown in a purple and white tartan that matches the sheets. She pulls it down over Bri’s head. Then has her sit while she pulls thick knee high purple socks onto her legs.

“Bri… I know this going to be a lot on top of everything else but….” Bri gulps nervous and unsure of what to expect. “Gwen and I have been talking and something about you connected with us. We know you’ve lost a lot and are probably still mourning that and if you need time think…. What I’m trying to say is… Would you like to be our new daughter?” Gwen’s looks at her lips quavering, eyes wide. Bri is stunned. She’s always wanted to get away but this to much and yet… Bri to this day doesn’t fully understand the decision she’s about to make. “Yes! Thank you! Oh God yes!” A balling Bri and Gwen hug.

The rest of the family comes running in “Guys…” Gwen’s face is tear stained and her voice horse. “I’d like you meet the newest Daniels- Finnthighearn!” Pandemonium erupts as everyone piles onto the bed with Gwen and Bri, creating what can only be described as a giant hug pile. There are tears, laughter, good natured teasing and ribbing; as the family welcomes it’s newest addition. Eventually everyone staggers back to their own rooms exhausted. Gwen tucks Bri into bed. She feels so warm, safe and comfortable. More than an in however long she can remember. Bri has one last thought before she drift’s off to sleep. “Yesterday these people were strangers and yet I’ve never felt this loved…..”

*102*2018-01-11 19:09

Bri wakes up about ten hours later groggy and disorientated. Then it all comes flooding back, it seemed like a dream or a hallucination. Except that she’s still in the purple and oak room with it’s cheerful fire place. A shutter somehow sensing she’s awake pulls back to allow late afternoon sunlight to fall through the skylight. Bri takes a few minutes to collect her thoughts. So much has happened. Her old life is gone but is that such a bad thing? She was never happy for long back home and while she’ll miss her friends, she had been planning her escape for years.

She would always feel something to her birth family, but they hadn’t been close for years. She had hoped after moving out to find her chosen family like so many other queer youths. And in only a few days she had found it on this strange planet. These people have only known her for such a short time and, yet they seemed to love and accept her more freely than her birth family ever did. Sure, she had almost died, and it was probably going to be a while before she was over that plus all the general mind fuck of magic and aliens and kinds of weirdness exist.

But dam, if it wasn’t worth it. Besides a new family, she was getting to see things people only dreamed of. It was like being the protagonist in one of her favorite books, comics, movies, or games. I mean holy shit! She was on another planet not the first apparently but still…. She was on another fucking planet! And she had already seen amazing stuff. In that moment of quite Reflection Bri made a resolution, she was going to move forward with her new life. She was sure if she still believed in God, but something seems to have brought her here. She wasn’t going to waste time looking back.

