Abandoned Mine

Author: lxf9h20

*000*2016-03-17 05:16

Hi everyone. This is my first story that I've posted to OmoOrg, so let me know what you think. I wrote this a long time ago for a friend but it was much shorter so I decided to expand on it greatly.

Enjoy!

###

In a small town in in western Pennsylvania there exists an abandoned mine and other assorted buildings not far in the surrounding woods. For years the local population has reported ghost sightings and urban legends have been common. One of them is of a former mine worker who is said to have died years ago in an accident called "Long Lankin" because he apparently was very skinny and tall. One night, though, five girls: Jess, Victoria, Nicole, Kim and Leslie, decided to go see for themselves…

The girls had been walking for about half an hour when suddenly Victoria stopped and broke the silence. "I have to go to the bathroom" she exclaimed. Leslie turned around and said "Ugh, really? We were just at Jess's house. Why didn't you pee then?"

"Because I didn't fucking have to" Victoria said angrily. She was getting impatient and started to bounce up and down as she grabbed her crotch. Leslie didn't believe her and accused Victoria of lying. Jess, the leader of the group, stepped in and said "Look at her Les, she's clearly not lying." Victoria nodded in desperate approval. "Hurry up", Jess said, "We still wanna see if this ghost thing is real or not". Victoria darted off into the wilderness as Leslie called out "Don't get caught by any ghosts!"

"Not funny!" Victoria yelled back as she lowered her pants and disappeared behind some bushes. A short while later, as the rest of the girls were waiting for Victoria, they suddenly heard a scream that sounded like their friend. "What was that?!" asked Nicole. "Oh my god she's probably playing another prank" Leslie said disdainfully, "C'mon she wants us to find her." Jess suggested that the girls split up, and all of them agreed and went in different directions.

The ground beneath snapped and crackled as Nicole made her way through the darkened woods. She was the newest member of the group, having moved to this town two years ago from Oregon. Nicole liked hiking in the woods, even at night, and it was obvious; even though she was not tall her figure was very athletic. Victoria was secretly jealous of Nicole's body, although she would never admit it, so she made her feel unwelcome, and continued to do so right as the girls were leaving Jess's house. The rest of the girls however were much nicer and would defend their newest member from Victoria's vitriol. This made Nicole feel happy knowing that she, the new girl, was still able to find friends.

As she continued walking in no particular direction and occasionally calling out "Victoria!", a sensation in her body began to slowly creep up on her. Eventually Nicole realized that she too had to pee. Annoyed she tossed aside the water bottle she had been drinking out of, the source of her problems. However the need to empty her bladder persisted. Nicole, someone with plenty of experience in relieving herself outdoors, looked around for somewhere she could hide and pee by herself.

Even though it was dark and she was by herself Nicole was worried that Victoria would come out of nowhere and scare her while she was vulnerable peeing. She quickly found a large patch of bushes and went around to the other side. Nicole hastily pulled down her leggings and panties revealing her perfectly shaped thighs and ass. Not long after she squatted down her urethra let out a stream of urine and peed in bursts into the bushes, which vexed her very much. She thought her body was just going to release a little bit, but instead she had to urinate a lot more. Nicole tried to focus on releasing all that was inside of her but it was getting cold as she was exposing her bottom, and her legs began to ache.

After a few more seconds, which felt like minutes, Nicole's stream reduced to a mere trickle, and then nothing. Finally she had stopped peeing. "Oh thank god" she said to herself as she pulled up her leggings and tried not to step in her own puddle. As she walked away she felt much better and continued to look for her frenemy Victoria, but was interrupted when a dark figure appeared out of nowhere and slit her throat.

Kim had been walking for nearly an hour as she hesitantly searched for Victoria. She was a year younger than everyone else and felt proud about hanging out with the upperclassmen in the school. She was also the most fearful out of everyone and had been terrified about walking alone in the dark woods, but didn't want to say anything. Kim believed wholeheartedly in the ghost stories and her imagination was running wild as she walked on. Because of such high adrenaline her body was on continual edge, and she kept jerking her torso around in dread. Every sound made her more and more terrified, and she was in constant fear of something behind her.

Kim suddenly was overcome with the need to urinate, and badly. Her bladder was never particularly strong but she did not have to go before splitting up, which made the situation even worse. "Oh nononononono not now!" she said to herself. There was no toilet in sight (clearly) and unlike Nicole, Kim had never peed in the woods before and was not about to start for fear of going all over her pants and shoes. As her walk slowed to more of a crawl a small bit of pee spurted out which caused the girl to gasp.

"Dammit no I can't wet myself. I need to hold it in!" the poor girl whispered to herself. Miraculously, as Kim was almost about to explode, she saw a small structure in the distance. As she moved closer to it all her fears withered away as she realized that there was an outhouse right before her. Kim wasted no time and, managing to hold on a little longer, hurried inside and even forgot to shut the door, but that didn't matter to her. It smelled weird but she had to ignore it or else she would wet herself. As she quickly yanked off her sweatpants she immediately began to let loose a hot stream of piss.

She didn't even sit down over the hole yet and, in order not to pee all over herself, quickly did. The wood felt cold on her butt which was soon ignored due to the wonderful sensation that she was experiencing. Her face was visibly relieved as the stream poured out from her legs where it splattered on the ground below. Kim relaxed and let her body relieve itself. She couldn't help but close her eyes and let out a much needed sigh of relief. Kim was so glad she was able to find somewhere to go that wasn't the woods. When she was completely finished she climbed off the wooden seat with her pants still around her legs and grabbed some leaves to wipe herself. As she began to rub them on her private parts she felt a sharp and sudden pain in her back and slumped over, dead.

As it was getting later it was getting colder, and Jess could tell. She had been walking for a very long time and was beginning to get cold. Her face was beginning to get rosy as a result of the wind that was blowing. To make matters worse her flashlight was beginning to die and she had no idea where she was. As Jess became increasingly worried she heard a noise to her left. "Victoria, is that you?" she called out. "Don't worry Jess it's me", answered Leslie as she came out from the darkness. "Oh thank god it's you, Les. Did you find Victoria?"

"No, you?" Jess rolled her eyes in disbelief. "My flashlight's about to die" she said. Leslie reassured her "Don't worry I have extra batteries".

"Oh really?" Jess perked up, "Great! But I also have to pee now. Sorry". Leslie said "Yeah I kinda have to piss too" and bent her knees. "We're not far from the mine complex. Maybe there's something there we can use."

"Like what," Jess wondered. "I don't know, maybe like a bucket or something, or even a bathroom" Leslie said. "I hope so" Jess replied. The two girls entered through a big enough hole in the perimeter's rusty fence. By this time Leslie was getting more desperate by the minute and would not stop complaining about how much she had to pee. "Shut up", Jess snapped, "You're only making things worse. Don't think about it." Leslie retorted "Easy for you to say. If we don't find a bathroom or something soon I'm gonna burst!" The two girls walked around half of the complex further agitating their already swelled bladders. "Fuck where is this bathroom!" Exclaimed Jess. "Don't ask me, damn it! I need to pee like right now. What the fuck are we gonna do?!" Leslie demanded. As she hopped up and down Jess thought about it and said "I think were gonna have to squat right here and just go."

"Eew I don't wanna do that."

"Were gonna have to, Les!" Jess snapped. Leslie agreed reluctantly and said "Fine". as she was unbuttoning her pants Leslie suddenly looked up. As her eyes beamed with excitement she pointed and said "Look!" Right before them was a small building that said "Bathroom".

"That door better not be locked", grumbled Leslie as the two girls hurried over. They were so caught up that they didn't even think about pulling up their pants. Jess grabbed the handle and at first had trouble turning it, but managed to get it open after a bit. Leslie's flashlight illuminated the room and revealed two rows of toilets on opposite sides of each other. Jess looked at them and said "Oh…" as she realized there were no stalls. Leslie didn't care as she hurried to get onto one of the toilets and urinate. They were tall, and Leslie had to lift herself up before pulling her pants all the way down.

Jess went over to one two spaces away and slowly pulled her pants halfway down. She was embarrassed that she had to pee right where her best friend could look at her. She had peed with her together before, but that had always been in a stall where nothing could be seen. Jess put her arms over her lady parts so Leslie couldn't peek and peed lightly. Her legs didn't completely touch the ground so she crossed her ankles and swayed them in order to distract herself. Leslie on the other hand was in complete extecsy as her pee drained from inside of her into the toilet bowl. There was no water in the toilet but she was peeing so much that eventually it accumulated and could be heard splashing against itself.

"Ohhhh, yes" she moaned as she spread her legs a bit to let out even more yellow liquid. Her hands were pushing on her pubic region in order to ease the tension that her urinary tract was causing her. Leslie's legs were tingling in pleasure as she continued to urinate. Jess, already finished, looked over at her friend and asked "Oh my god at you still going?" in disbelief. Leslie replied "Um, yeah" and blushed a bit. Jess hopped off the toilet and quickly pulled her underwear and then her pants up.

"Whatever", she said, "I need to wipe myself".

Leslie happy obliged as she began to finish emptying her bladder.

When she finally finished Leslie got up and looked into the toilet to see what she had done. It was almost filled to the brim with pee. She looked over where her friend had sat and barely saw any pee in the toilet. "Lightweight", she muttered to herself. As she was pulling up her pants to go out and find something to use as toilet paper Leslie heard someone approaching. She assumed it was her friend and called out "Jess did you find some toilet paper?", but it was not Jess. Leslie went outside to find her friend and was confronted by a large blacked figure. She tried to scream, but as she was about to she was stabbed in the abdomen. Leslie soon fell to the ground.

At this rate Jess wanted to give up. Her whole night was filled with one anticlimax after another trying to find Victoria. The most exciting thing was finding a toilet with Leslie so they could relieve themselves after going for such a long time without doing so, even if it was uncomfortable for Jess. Truthfully she still had to pee but the urge was small enough to where she could hold it, at least for now. She originally set out to wipe herself but that was not really a concern to begin with. Jess decided that she was going to continue to look for Victoria. She headed back to the building where her and Leslie went to the bathroom to get her friend.

Leslie has to be done by now, she figured. When she got there Jess found that Leslie was not there, but her flashlight was. She figured that her friend, who clearly had to go really badly, was going to wipe herself. But why didn't she take her flashlight with her, Jess wondered. She thought that instead of going off in the same direction like she did, maybe Leslie just went a different way. If her flashlight is still here then she clearly didn't go too far. Jess decided to take the initiative and look for her friend instead of waiting.

She walked around the other side of the building but still couldn't find Leslie. Now Jess was worried. She knew Leslie wouldn't run off and try to scare her like Victoria so something must have happened. Oh god, she thought, what if Leslie fell down a mine shaft and is hurt? Jess began to panic; she was out in the middle of the woods with no one to come and help her and her friend could be in serious trouble. Worse still, she had no idea where everyone else was or if they were even alright! Jess started to cry. She immediately regretted dragging her friends all the way into the woods to investigate some stupid myth and felt responsible for possibly endangering all of them.

All this rush of emotional energy throughout Jess's body eventually reached her bladder. The poor girl now had to empty it on top of everything else. She could've easily gone back to where the bathroom was but due to all the stress she was not thinking straight. Jess hopped around, still thinking about Leslie, and stumbled on to something strange: a bucket, randomly laying on the ground. Seeing the bucket made her think of what Leslie said before the both of them entered the complex. Peeing in a bucket was certainly weird to Jess but if she wanted to find her friends then she was going to have to pee as quick as she could. "Oh god how am I going to do this", she thought.

She was worried about peeing all over her pants, so she figured she could partially squat and hold the bucket up to her urethra and almost sit on it. Jess pulled down her pants and lowered herself to where she was straddling the rim of the bucket and immediately started going. Urinating eased some of the stress for her as Jess's pee dribbled into the bucket. She was in a weird position and had never peed outside before but she said to herself "when ya gotta go, ya gotta go". As she finished she stood up and pulled up her pants after rubbing her hand across her crotch in order to wipe up any remaining pee. She looked down at her makeshift chamber pot and decided to empty it, picking the bucket up and dumping the liquid inside onto the ground somewhere. "Ok, good, now I need to find my fr-".

Jess was about to finish her thought when she was suddenly hit over the head by an unknown blunt object. She fell immediately and drifted in and out of consciousness. She felt herself being dragged for a long time, then she was lifted up and thrown down some sort of chute where she landed, hard. Jess opened her eyes slowly as her body ached all over from the pain. She saw that she was in a room illuminated by a single light bulb and boarded on all sides with no windows.

She looked around and saw her friends' bodies all in a pile in one corner of the room. Jess's eyes widened in horror as she looked at the pale faces of the people she once knew and began to cry once again. This was all her fault, she convinced herself, as she collapsed to the floor and began to sob. A few moments later the door to the room opened and in came a tall, lanky man whose face was partially obscured by shadow. He was carrying some sort of blade, but it was hard to tell. The girl became petrified as he inched closer. "Perfect," said Long Lankin.

