A fishy situation - Page 2

Author: Lakur

*026*2018-08-19 21:23

"You can't be serious..."

Gerald stared down at the so-called "raft", then back at Boltans fat, stupid smirk.

"This is just a piece of scrap! A joke..."

"Seems to me you're just scared and making an excuse..."

"Scared?!"

Another glance at the loose array of wooden planks and random branches, held together by some tattered rope. It was tiny, had no rudder and so unbalanced, the entire "starbelt" side was basically underwater.

"If by scared you mean non-suicidal, well then yes, maybe I am! Come on, you can't be serious...who would risk their lives for such a stupid trial of courage?"

"We all did it! Every single one of our squad. They are all fine. Sure, Huno scraped half his leg open and Vin broke his arm as he smashed into a rock. But how can you be a knight if you're afraid to get hurt?"

He wanted to protest. Say that he didn't fear getting hurt but merely couldn't understand how riding down the Bloodrock Rapids on a tattered raft would prove his courage.

However, fate seemed to play against him...if he backed down from this ludicrous challenge, Boltan would make sure to let everyone know...

"Fine...I'll do it..."

He...just had to be careful! Keep his eyes open. Shift his own weight to steer the raft and...hope for the best...right? If all the others made it, why not him? So there was no reason to-

"SURPRISE!"

It was a sudden push which caught Gerald of-guard as he was about to climb on the raft – sending him, head first – into the raging river.

He didn´t had time to grab onto something, not even enough time to scream for help...not that it would've done him any good, he was just gone. Submerged in the freezing cold mountain stream...

...altough...it wasn't exactly freezing cold as he expected....

...in fact, it was quite warm, even comfortable...like a hot spring...?

"Aaarrrgh..."

At long last he managed to fight himself back to the surface, taking a deep breath of fresh air...

...and couldn't believe his eyes...

The water was...tinted yellow? Also, he was no longer in a river but a huge, wide lake...made entirely from that oddly colored water...

"Pffffrrpffht..."

He spat out a portion of that warm water that got in his mouth, while flailing his arms around in a desperate attempt to stay afloat...but something wasn't right...

The lake...it was gone? Instead he was staring straight up in a light blue patch of morning sky, surrounded by the far-reaching branches of nearby trees...

There were birds chirping, bees humming around to gather nectar from the flowers...

It was...just a dream. Only a dream...I didn't drown, it was just a dream...

....

Oh no...please no...

While the lake from his dream was maybe gone, Gerald could still feel a warm wetness below his body, much like a huge puddle reaching all the way from his feet, legs, butt and back up to his head...it was huge!

That, combined with the nature of the dream...

"Damn it! Why? Why does this keep happening?"

It was the second time in a row he wet himself in his sleep. There had to be a reason, he couldn't allow this to go on!

He rolled to his side to better inspect the lake of urine – and had to surpress a small scream as he stared right at Teras sleeping face, right in front of his own.

Of course – that nymph girl.

The dream and his embarassing accident were so dominant in his mind, he nearly forgot about all the other things which happened last night...like her, helping him stay warm...and even drinking the girls u-

.....

Wait...is she....

Gerald hesitated to look there at first. But considering Teras general nudity and completele lack of desire to hide any given part of her body, she wouldn't have a problem if he took a peek to see if...

....

Yes, she is...

While it was only a small trickle now which emerged from that tiny slit between her legs, there were tiny drips all over her her thighs, as well as the puddle being even larger around her.

How can she even hold that much? This is crazy..I mean...she could've literally drowned me there...

Now, what that adorable or scary? Probably both...

Should he...wake her up maybe? Or was this a normal thing to her? To think he actually drank right from her most sensitive spot, yet knew so little about her...it felt weird...like everything that happened lately...

His rumbling stomach was starting to send him signals that it wasn't the time to think about what happened and more about what should happen next, particularly about where to get breakfast from.

While he wasn't an expert, Gerald had his fair bit of survival knowledge, like some of the plants that were edible and of course how to hunt and fish...

As the latter two required specific tools, his only option was to go search for some wild fruit or berries...and maybe mushrooms.

Not really in the mood for fish anyway, after...

...really, he didn't even let me finish eating, what an asshole!

However, he didn't even felt sure about gathering some mere berries – while naked.

Despite Teras best attempts the night before, he couldn't help but feel vulnerable and exposed like this.

And while sure, he could technically but his pee-stained underwear back on...but what difference would that make?

....seems like...I need to wake her up after all. At least she's familiar with surviving on her own.

And I sure hope she won't be too mad if I disrupt her sleep, she looks so peaceful and happy right now...

"Tera....?" he muttered, softly poking her forehead.

Nothing...

"Wake up....it's morning..." ...contrary to his actual goal to wake her, his voice was even softer this time, barely a whisper.

"Umm.."

Maybe if he...shook her arm a little?

Still no response, not even a slight reaction...

For someone who regulary sleeps out in the wild, I would expect her to be far more alert...what if she gets attacked by wild animals while asleep...?

Or, much more likely – her subconscious didn´t consider him a threat to defend against...

Not that he even wanted to pose a threat to her.

However...

...maybe if I imitate some dangerous predator, say...perhaps she'll wake up?

The first and most dangerous creature coming to his mind was of course the shadowbeast.

A foe like none other, feared by even the bravest knights and warriors alike...their roar alone was said to cause entire armies to flee in terror.

...and of course he had no idea what it sounded like as he had never encountered one in his life.

Better play it self and try a wolf howl instead...

At least he knew how that sounded like.

Right. So...

Gerald jumped on his feet, putting some distance between him and the sleeping nymph – in the end he didn't want to scare her to death by howling right into her ear.

Take a deep breath...

....

"Aaaaoooooouuuuu...."

The volume of his voice even surprised himself, causing the the boy to twitch a little.

Damn it...at this rate I attract an actual wolf to come here...

Nervously, he turned back to the sleeping nymph to see if his howl had the desired effect at least...

"What..."

"Pffffhffffhehehehee..s-stop, please shtoopheheheh..."

It was just too much. Watching Geralds flustered face was already funny enough...but nothing could prepare her for...whatever noise that was supposed to be.

Really, she couldn't tell.

All she knew was that her stomach already hurt from laughing, yet...she couldn't stop.

"....you...have been awake the entire time?"

Gerald gave Tera a very sour glare.

"Glad to see you're having fun..."

"Sh...shorry...I...just couldn't resist...it was too cute to see you try and waking me up...and I wanted to know what you would try next..."

A faint feeling of guilt began to hit her as her laughing finally stopped.

"I know, that was a bit mean...again, I apologize...so...at least tell me what kind of creature that was supposed to be..?"

He just couldn't stay mad at her.

Oh, he sure wanted to! He wanted to be very mad and angry now...but...she just had a very disarming effect on his mind.

"...a wolf...so...I guess it wasn't very convincing then?"

"Weeeeelll...let's say it could've passed as a really paranoid and confused...puppy..."

...

"Just...don´t do it again, okay? If I hear that again, I may piss myself..."

"You already did..."

"....really? Heh, nice..."

*028*2018-09-30 19:05

Fish...again!

Gerald gave his breakfast a very suspicious look, then let out a mild groan.

It looked like some perfectly roasted pike, cut in half and sprinkled with wild herbs...but...

No, it was fine! All fine! He made the fire, sliced and gutted the fish, cut off the head and personally grilled it over the open flame...after his new, nymphic friend sprinkled some of her herbs over the meat.

There literally couldn't be anything wrong with it. Just...that feeling....

"You okay?"

Her voice came out slightly garbled as she had to speak while also chewing on the fishtail.

"Just asking, as you're not eating....thought you're hungry..."

Well of course, if he wouldn´t eat his share, she would happily do it for him.

The more, the better....still...it seemed a little odd that the boy didn't touch his meal...

"Yes, just...well..."

Oh he couldn't tell her that now, could he? It would only cause a misunderstanding...

Can't she...at least close her mouth...I really don't want to see how she...

If he needed confirmation that part of Tera was a wild animal, he didn't had to look any further. No table manners, at all...

Okay, in the end it didn´t bother him that much. Not compared to...

"Well...you know...my last meal with Boltan, it...was fish as well..."

"Aaaaannd?"

Delicous! If humans are good for anything, it's cooking. That grilled fish is so much better than eating it raw....

Too bad it was all gone now. As Tera chugged down that stubborn tail, her meal was finished.

So...and he was worried about eating because of what happened last time.

Understandable...

"But...you do know that no one put anything weird in there, right? You did everything yourself. Well...excpet the catching part of course..."

Indeed, without her, he would've had a hard time finding food, let alone catching fish...

She'd like to see him swimming around the river, clumsily trying to grab his prey while struggling to stay afloat.

Humans just looked hilarious in water, their attempts to swim were...amusing at best.

"I know, I know...sorry, just that one memory, is all..."

He really shouldn't think about the past so much. About what happened. No one put anything fishy in that fish and...

...

"Right, I'll just eat now!"

His hunger definitely helped to overcome his doubts, he was famished.

And this smells amazing...heck, I'd eat that even if it was poisoned...

...

Oh gods....so good...

The moment he felt the first bit of cripy skin between his teeth, all remaining reluctance crumbled away in an instant!

Gerald took a deep bite of the soft, white meat, almost burning his own tongue as it was still steaming hot-

"Ow...ouch..."

...too hot...

"Seems like you are hungry, after all..."

Of course he was, who wouldn't be after that ordeal? It was merely good to finally see his stubbornness break and natural insticts taking over.

Satisfying too...

Even though it meant that she missed her chance to munch down on the second fish.

Oh well...I can always catch more as long we find a river or lake...

That reminded her – where should they go anyway?

"Hey...you still plan on chasing your treacherous friend, right?"

"Mmhhff....yeffhh..."

Realizing how eating with his mouth full of pike meat wasn't helping his audibility, Gerald took a moment to swallow, before he continued:

"Yes, of course....well..."

Great, now I'm blushing again!

"...I don't exactly know where to go. You remember how I climbed on that tree last night to check if I could see any smoke from a potential fire...?"

A nod. Well of course, she helped me up there...

"Yes, well there wasn't any smoke, but I already told you that. But...there was also just forest in every direction..."

"....so? Why is that a problem?"

"I just felt like there should still be the mountains visible at the horizon. And there was nothing. So I don't know where I am. Like at all. I no longer have a map, no compass...nothing..."

"So you're lost now as well, huh?"

Tera sighed, feeling a bit demotivated, despite the delicious cooked fish she just had.

It wasn't that she disliked the young human – in fact, for human standards, he was quite nice.

But...judging by the sound of his words, it meant he needed even more help now...and, being realistic, finding his former friend and the fish-thief, didn´t seem like top priority anymore...

"Pretty much. I don't know how or when it happened, but somehow I – or rather Boltan and me – somehow...left our...wait..."

...

That...means...he did it on purpose. This was all part of his plan...

"I...fell for it. I cannot believe it! How could I be that stupid?"

And even more embarassing, it took me till now to realize...

"Boltan led me on a false route all along..."

*029*2018-09-30 19:13

(also, sorry for the rather long wait and relatively low amount of progress in the story.

I'm a bit stuck at the moment, trying to figure out where the "plot" should go next.

So the next part may actually take even longer. maybe.)

