Beachside Training

Author: Lakur

*000*2022-12-07 19:33

Soooo...after several years, I decided to give writing a try once more. Needed something to distract myself. Don´t expect this shit to be good x3

Not even sure whether there will be another part. Maybe. Maybe not. Dunno...

Beachside training

Today was a sunny day...

"Huff...huff...huff..."

As in: a perfectly sunny day. With no fog, no clouds, nothing at all obstucting the hot afternoon sun as it was burning down on the beach and sea below.

Perfect indeed to lie down on the warm sand and work on a tan...

"Huff...huff...puff..."

Perfect also to go for a quick dip in the sea or to eat some ice cream – preferably in the shade of one of the palm trees or a large parasol...

"Huff...huff – Ohh-fuck...all this!"

Tracers body slumped against the back wall of a small, beachside kiosk, advertising the sale of such delicious treats – if it weren´t for the fact that it was closed!

Indeed, the only thing today´s hot and sunny weather definitely was not perfect for...would be jogging.

I can´t believe I have to torture myself like this! I mean this can´t be healthy, right? Running around in this heat?

It was a question the brunette girl had asked herself several times already. Each time with greater unwillingness to continue her supposed training program.

Her eyes went out to the sea, the perfectly blue water, almost teasing her to go for a quick swim...and perhaps a quick, relaxing nap on the beach right after.

....

Except that she couldn´t – not without risking yet another lecture from a certain doctor.

"Oh no Lena, you gotta work on your stamina more. You gained some weight lately. As an Overwatch agent, you are required to stay in shape...ARE YOU SERIOUSLY CALLING ME FAT, YOU BLOODY HAG?!"

Despite merely muttering under her breath, the last part came out more as suppressed yelling as the girl couldn´t help but vent her frustration by slamming her hand against the kiosk´s wooden planks.

Calm down Lena, calm down...you know that Angela is right. You need to do this...

Slowly and reluctantly, Tracer rose again from the ground, brushing some sand off her blue gym shorts.

She had to carry on with her training – it couldn´t be that much more, right? Right?!

A quick glance at her wrist-mounted health monitor led to disappointment however:

You kidding me? Only three kilometers...?

That couldn´t be true! It had to be at least five! There was no way she only jogged that far...

Yet there was no denying hard numbers...

"Rubbish! At this rate I´ll spend the entire afternoon doing Angela´s stupid training!"

Tracer clenched her fist, finally coming to a decision:

She´d rather face the disappointed lecture from Angela yet again, than waste this entire afternoon running off her alleged pudginess!

Determined, she turned towards the row of large palm trees, lining the upper half of the beach.

Sure, she had no towel to lie on. But for just a little nap, she was more than fine resting on the naked sand....

...naked....

Her lips shaped into a mischievous little grin as that idea crossed her mind.

After all, there were surprisingly few people at the beach, considering the perfect weather.

Perhaps that explains why that bloody kiosk was closed!

And even if someone saw her getting naked, what did she care? If people wanted to stare, so be it.

She chuckled as she dashed across the warm sand, towards the shade of the trees, already fumbling around with her jersey and pulling it over her head as she ran.

Boobs are...FREE!

"Lena?! What are you- WATCH OUT!!"

A familiar voice reached her ears as she was running with the jersey blocking her view for a couple of brief yet fatal seconds.

Wait, isn´t that-

"Waaaahhh!"

Next she felt was her right foot stumbling over something and next moment – the fall.

"Ooof!"

At the very least, the impact was rather soft on the sand. Yet even without seeing, Tracer knew that this had to be one of her more awkward moments as she laid there, flat and face down in the sand.

I really hope I didn´t actually trip over another person...oh please, don´t make this any more awkward....

The brunette could feel soft steps next to her and a warm hand placed on her back.

"Lena? Are you...hurt?"

"Nope. I´m fine...sorry."

And now, at last, she recognized the voice.

"...Mei? That you? Are you hurt?"

Lena felt a soft tug on her top, which was still stuck around her head and the same gentle hand from her back now pulling it off of her.

Still embarrassed, she rolled around on her back, looking up into the other girls soft and cute face.

"I´m okay. Don´t worry. You...kinda tripped over me but I guess you didn´t see me with your...shirt..."

Despite the situation, Tracer couldn´t help but smirk as a deep, red blush appeared on Mei´s face.

"Umm, Lena....? You´re...not wearing a bra...?"

"Like I need one for these two baby oranges~"

Immediately she could feel her eyes being tied to the much more impressive cleavage of the girl above her.

Now those are some top-tier watermelons...

*001*2022-12-26 13:51

"Jogging out in the direct sun at temperatures like this...I´m a little surprised Dr.Ziegler would require you to do such rigorous training. I mean if it was cloudy today, I could understand...but even I know this can´t be good for your health..."

Tracer had just taken a long sip from the water bottle Mei had handed her after their little collision, however, the mentioning of the training subject immediately captured her full attention:

"I know right?! And she´s supposed to be a doctor! I like her and all, but for some reason Angela´s been hell-bent on the idea that I should lose some weight! That´s bollocks!"

She was met by a shy nod from Meis side, who was still trying her best to avoid looking at Tracers chest. Much to the latters silent amusement.

Maybe I should take my shorts off too...buuuuut....I suppose that would be a bit too far.

After all, she shouldn´t flirt or tease her comrades at Overwatch. She was still a professional and-

"I mean, I could use some training too..."

Mei blushed as she looked down her own body. With Lena right next to her, even exposing her upper body....

...she couldn´t help but being reminded of her own body shape.

"Hey, your body is perfect the way it is! Don´t let anyone tell you any different Mei!"

Tracer gave the other girl an encouraging nod.

The only thing wrong is that you keep those beautiful melons locked up in that bikini. Look at them, they´re begging to be free...

....

Just what was she thinking there? Didn´t she just confirm to herself that her team members from Overwatch were off the table?

....

Yet there was no denying that it was very hard not to fantasize about Meis large boobs.

"W-well, I suppose if you´re really interested in training...n-not that I think you need it, you could ask Angela if we can do it together...like...it would be much more fun if I had someone at my side when running those ten bloody kilometers every day..."

"She really tasked you with a whole ten kilometers? This is quite a lot..."

"You´re telling me! I´d like to see her after jogging in this heat. Probably all sweaty and..."

No...it was probably unwise to think too deeply about Mercys body covered in sweat after a long workout....in fact, it was definitely unwise! Her head was starting to spin with all kinds of fantasies right now.

Water! I need some bloody water!

...unfortunately, she had already finished the bottle Mei had given her.

"Umm..Mei? Can I have another bottle of water perhaps?"

"Oh Lena. You must be dehydrated. But don´t worry, I always pack a whole eight-pack of water..."

Yeees. Dehydrated, that´s it...

Tracer looked quite flustered as she took the bottle from the timid girl, however instead of outright drinking it, she first poured some of the water all over her head, enjoying the cool liquid running through her hair, down her face and washing off some of that sweat in the process.

This wasn´t good. She had to to try and control these thoughts. Emily wouldn´t be happy about this.

...but Emily is far away, all the way in London. And I´m here at the Gibraltar Watchpoint. Have been for months...Overwatch keeps me busy. Plus, are thoughts really that bad...? They´re just...thoughts...

....

She slowly drank the remaining water as her contradicting thoughts felt like voices in her head, argueing with each other and about what she should do about the situation.

....

Well there was one thing she could do. But certainly not right here, in front of Mei.

"I think...I´m gonna lie down a little. If that´s okay...? I need some rest...sorta..."

Lena looked at Mei, still blushing, then down at the towel her and the adorable plum girl were sitting on.

It was one of those extra large ones – large enough even for two people.

Damn it Lena, just STOP already! Don´t think about it that way!

"Oh...s-sure. That sounds good. It is still warm. But...I think I need to pee first, so if you excuse me...I´ll be right back..."

And that´s my limit!

She merely managed a soft nod towards Mei, watching the girl get up and walk away slowly.

I have to do something! Quickly.

Even without reaching between her legs, Tracer just knew how she was already soaked.

Her entire body was begging her to take care of her desires. However her brain was against it.

"It´s wrong....I can´t do that here, on her towel. P-plus, what do I do if she comes back early? It won´t take her so long to...p-pee..."

Images of the sweet, adorable girl peeing flooded Tracers mind, pushing the burning heat between her legs to unbearable levels.

Ohhh...I can totally imagine her to have a super powerful stream. A golden flood...and how I´d want to kiss her clean after she´s done. Must be quite a puddle too...mmh...

....

"Oh bloody hell..." she muttered to herself, realizing how her body had won the struggle versus her mind – and how her right hand had indeed wandered between her own legs, fingertips pressing against her twitching lips.

As expected, it wasn´t even just slippery anymore. The situation was far worse.

Screw it...

There was no use in holding back anymore. Tracer let out a defeated sigh, closed her eyes and allowed her instincts to take over.

Her other hand had grabbed the seam of her shorts, pulling them down, out of the way...

...just so that her main hand had free range, pushing harder and finally into her vagina, causing her to moan and shover.

"Nnh...M-Mei....f-fuck...p-please...pee..."

Why was this turning her on so much...? The thought of Mei peeing? On the ground?

While squatting...?

Wish I could hold my hand into her stream. Feel her warm urine run between my fingers...and finally lick it off.

She wondered what kind of flavor Mei had. Was it just salty, as usual?

....

I´m close...

Normally, she would drag this out longer. Savor the sensation and remain on the edge as long as possible. But time was of the essence...

The girls entire body spasmed as she slid her index and middle finger all the way in, her thumb massaging her clit, flipping that tiny bean.

"Ohhhhh...nnnh...I...fucking...."

The familiar tingling grew stronger, reaching the point of no return, sealing her fate.

"Ahh-ahhhh, yeeeesssssssssss"

And there it was! All the pent-up tension and lust erupted in a climactic explosion of bliss.

She even managed to open her eyes again, tho she could barely see anything: the haze of post-orgasm bliss blanketed all her senses.

All she could see was the blue sky straight above her...

This was...really intense...

Just how much time had passed before her dulled hearing returned to normal – she couldn´t tell.

However, as it did, Tracer was finally able to notice that sound of another person breathing.

And right next to her as well.

....

Right. Of course.

"Umm...h-hey Mei? W-when did...you return...?

Her face now felt about as much on fire as her crotch did a few moments ago as Tracer noticed the soft, cute girl standing in front of her, her eyes wide open like her mouth.

"P-please...feel free to scream and yell at me if you want to. I deserve it. I really just...couldn´t control myself..."

Great...I am SO fucking dead!

###

