Adventure (and piss!) Awaits! Genshin stories ft. Barbara and Xiangling

Author: LeakyPaint

*000*2021-04-06 11:43

Barbara was collecting ingredients for her famous sweet-and-spicy Chilibrew. It contained Jueyun Chilis and Sweet Flowers, opposed to the Liyue version, without sweet flowers. A tiny twinge in her bladder notified her of her need to pee. She ignored it, confident that she could return home without wet pants and instead with many Jueyun Chilis and possibly a few other herbs for healing. She avoided a Hilichurl camp, some slimes, and some old ruins that possibly held home for more than a few dangers. A slime popped out of the ground a few minutes later and she was forced to fight. Intense movement (and use of her Hydro Vision) increased her need of a bathroom. She defeated the slime with ease but now her bladder was fuller by the minute.

“Argh, I knew I should’ve peed earlier, before I left!” Barbara was waddling along with difficulty. She spotted Xiangling traveling along the same road and asked her if she had any Jueyun Chilis. “Nope, sorry. There are some nearby!” Xiangling said. “Thanks, Xiangling.” Barbara thanked her and moved along, hands stuck to her crotch. She collected them and realized she could have used the nearby Teleport Waypoint. She teleported to the nearby settlement known as Springvale. Wet had now soaked her white panties and she hoped it was sweat, and not.. she didn’t wanna think about that. Her bladder had bulged up a little and she was full to 8/10.

Fans surrounded her and asked for autographs. “S-sorry! I can’t give autographs n-now! I r-r-really have t-to piss!” But the fans didn’t hear her. As her bladder filled rapidly, a leak spurted out. “A-Aah!” Another leak a few seconds later! “Unh.. uhnn..” Barbara ran away into the forest. The fans couldn’t chase after her. Leaks spurted out as she rested against a tree. Moaning, Barbara tried to get her panties and tights off, but failed. As her hot piss flowed down her legs, she was moaning in satisfaction. “Ungh.. aah.. mmmh..” Time seemed to stop as the emptying of her bladder feeling like it took an eternity to do so. Barbara didn’t want the pure bliss to end, but after a while it did. She used her Vision to clean her crotch area and her panties and tights. She made it look like she fell in water. As she returned to Mondstadt, nobody crowded her because it was dark outside. She returned to the Cathedral and went to sleep later.

Part 2 coming soon!

(also i did 69 posts as of this time this story was posted ahaha)

*001*2021-04-07 11:28

Okay I’m working on Part 2, this time I’m doing a story about Venti (because he’s the best husbando in the world of husbandos) so i’ll work on it this afternoon. Stay tuned!

*002*2021-04-08 11:15

(Part 2!! Eek, so excited I might wet myself! Note, I ship aether x venti so this contains that. I picked the female twin so..)

Venti sighed. He had nothing to do, he was so bored! A tap on his shoulder notified him of Aether’s (aka male twin) presence. “How are you doing?” Aether asked. “Oh, I’m really bored.” Venti’s bladder ached for a split second and his eyes darted downward. Half to see if he dripped any of the wine he drank last night, and half to avoid Aether’s adorable eyes. “Wanna go on an adventure in Dragonspine with me? I have some stuff to do there and some backup would be nice.” Aether asked. “Um, uh, sure!” Venti blushed a bit. They left Mondstadt and by the time they were at the Snow-Covered Path, Venti was waddling around with his legs pressed tightly together. “You alright? Did a slime hurt your leg?” Aether’s eyes were full of concern.

“U-Um No! I’m fine. Just nervous. I’ve never b-been in Dragonspine!” They continued up the mountain. (I just realized we need to include Paimon.) “Are you two dummies forgetting about Paimon? Paimon is still here, you know!” Paimon had popped out of nowhere and startled Venti enough for him to leak just a drop. “You’re still okay?” Aether asked, and made Venti turn red yet again. “Y-Yep! Just.. cold!” “That poor idiot of a Traveler has no idea..” Paimon said. “What was that, Paimon? I couldn’t hear you!” Venti teased. “Oh screw you, Tone-Deaf Bard! I said, THAT POOR IDIOT HAS NO IDEA!” “No idea of what?” Aether had finally turned around.

Venti blushed so hard that his hair glowed teal, the color of the Anemo Element. “Uhm Nothing Aether! Just that there’s.. uhm.. some slime in your hair!” Aether felt around in his hair. “Quick save there, Tone-Deaf Bard!” Paimon whispered to Venti, who had almost forgotten about his bladder situation. He was full to 7/10 and would lose control soon. He was an Archon, he shouldn’t wet himself. Now there was a fork in the road. “Okay, Venti, you go that way and I’ll go this way.” Aether and Venti split sides. He could finally pee without Aether watching! But he couldn’t get his darned puffy shorts off. “Ugh..” He sighed. It would have to wait.

He met up with Aether on the other side, now clutching at his crotch and squeezing his legs together even tighter. “Are you still okay? Should we make a stop?” Aether asked. “N-no, I’m good..” Venti didn’t trust his voice, but.. it was fine. He could hold it. At least, he hoped he could. He leaked a spurt. They continued along the path, and Venti leaked again. Finally, he lost control. Right in front of Aether. Urine spurted down his legs and he blushed hard again to make his hair glow. “S-Sorry..” “No, it’s fine Venti.” Aether helped him dry off with his Anemo power. “Let’s go back and tell them we didn’t find anything.” (end)

*003*2021-04-11 10:11

Do y’all want a part 3?

