Tess & Jess - Page 3

Author: largebio

*051*2018-04-15 19:48

{{5 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that chapter this story is getting better by the chapter

}}

Thanks!

*053*2018-05-17 11:44

Sorry it's been a while guys but here's the next part.

CHAPTER 13

The next day one of the girls' dreams is getting fulfilled, they're gonna visit the Uffizi. They prebooked tickets and arrive at 8:15 sharp, just as the doors are opening.

The twins walk around for hours until about one o'clock, when they stumble upon the cafeteria.

"Lunch?", Tess suggests.

"I'm starving", Jess answers.

The girls sit down for a large panini and some drinks and after half an hour they continue their tour.

"I'm gonna go pee first", Jess says, but seeing the queue she quickly changes her mind. "Guess we'll find another bathroom around here".

But two hours later, the girls haven't peed yet. Their progress through the palace come museum is slow, as they admire all the magnificent works of art on display.

Finally, another hour later, another bathroom, but again with a long queue.

"I'm not gonna waste time waiting in line", Tess says.

"Me neither. So much more to see", Jess adds.

The girls continue their walk. By now it's 5 pm and the girls are shifting foot whenever they stop to look at a painting.

"No matter how busy, I'm getting in line at the next bathroom, or there will be some cleaning to do", Jess whispers.

"Yeah, agreed", Tess says squirming.

Half an hour later the girls get in line for the bathroom near the exit.

"I think we've seen the whole place", Jess says.

"Yeah, me too. So after this we walk around town a bit before having dinner?", Tess suggests.

"Sure".

The girls wait in line for nearly fifteen minutes, all while squirming and complaining, before each of them enters an emtpy stall and finally relieve themselves.

"Still dry?", Jess asks.

"Yes".

"Good me too. But just. I can't believe - giving the last two weeks - we decided to wait that long", Jess laughs.

"Yeah, well, didn't wanna waste time", Tess laughs along.

As agreed, the twins wander around the city centre for about an hour and a half, before finding a nice little trattoria.

"I need to go again", Jess says, "guess I filled back up again quite rapidly".

"Well yeah, same here".

But much to the girls' dismay, the restaurant doesn't have a working restroom.

"Happens way too often her in Italy", Jess whines.

Half an hour later, the girls are occasionally squirming in their seats, waiting for their antipasti.

Another half hour later, just as their main course arrives, the girls are constantly crossing and uncrossing their legs.

"I hope the waitress doesn't notice our desperation", Tess says.

"Me neither", Jess says worried. "But let's skip dessert, or there's gonna be an ocean under our chairs".

"Definitely".

As soon as Jess finishes her dish, she places her left hand on her crotch, hidden by the tablecloth. She softly squeezes herself, begging the waitress will quickly bring the bill.

But in true Italian fashion, it takes a while, and half an hour later the waitress finally rings it.

Tess - also having her left hand squeezing herself - thanks her.

"Come on, please come back so we can pay", Jess says five minutes later.

"She disappeared again", Tess says. "But more importantly, my knickers aren't completely dry anymore", she then admits.

"Just hold on a little longer sis", Jess says, worried that hers will be wet soon too.

Another five minutes later, the girls can finally pay their bill and leave. At this point, both have lost some more drops, but the chairs are still dry.

"Good thing we're wearing black dresses and it's getting dark", Jess says as she feels another drop escape.

"Yes, thank god! But the hotel's fifteen minutes from here and there's absolutely no way I can make it", Tess says.

Despite that, the twins start walking back to their hotel. But just a minute later, Jess feels her control slipping away.

"I'm peeing. I...I can't stop it", she whispers to her sister.

Tess looks down at Jess's legs: "It's barely noticeable, you might as well let it go. Slowly".

Even if she didn't want to, Jess starts peeing more and more, her muscles have taken control over her mind and small rivulets of pee are running down her legs, creating a small trail behind her. But, as Tess said, barely noticeable to anyone more than two metres away.

Jess sighs in relief. "You should let go too", she he says.

"I already am, involuntarily".

The next two minutes the twins slowly empty their bladders.

"Can't believe we wet ourselves in public and literaly no-one noticed", Jess laughs cheekily.

"I know right. Kinda hot I think", Tess says with a massive smile.

Back at their hotel, the girls shower and pack up, unfortunately their heading back home tomorrow.

"You really thought it was hot, wetting ourselves?", Jess asks as the girls lie down to sleep.

"Honestly... Yes. The relief was almost orgasmic and the naughtiness of doing it in full view was really exciting. Don't you agree?"

"To be honest... Yes".

TO BE CONTINUED

*055*2018-05-17 15:19

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent chapter ^^

}}

Thanks!

*057*2018-05-27 11:02

CHAPTER 14

"Let's have a competition", Jess suggests the next morning at breakfast.

"What kind of?", Tess asks intrigued.

"I was thinking we could both not use the toilet until we reach our hotel in Switzerland".

"Like starting now?".

"Absolutely", Jess confirms.

"Okay. You're on, but I'm gonna win. And one rule, we should both drink normally and not hold back on our drinks just to win".

"Let's make it better, we both drink the exact same drinks in the same quantity", Jess suggests.

"Okay, that's fair".

The girls finish breakfast, including a large orange juice and cappucino along with a glass of water. Then they head off northwards, with Tess driving until lunchtime.

"So, how's your bladder feeling?", Jess asks while seated down in a rest stop restaurant.

"Honestly, I'd use the bathroom here, if it weren't for our competition", Tess admits. "But I'll be fine for quite sometime".

"Same here", Jess adds.

The twins have a panini and two large cokes each before continuing, now with Jess driving through the tunnels alomg the riviera, and through the Dolomites and Alps.

Two hours in, Tess notices her sister squirming behind the wheel. "Getting squirmy?", she teases her.

"No!", Jess lies. "In fact, I could do with another drink".

Reluctantly - feeling her bladder fill - Tess agrees.

Over the next thirty minutes, the girls sip from their own water bottle until empty.

Another half hour later, neither girl can refrain from squirming ever so often.

"I'm gonna pull into that rest stop there, so we can put towels on the seat and remove our shorts and knickers. It's still three more hours, and I got the feeling neither of us is gonna make it", Jess says.

"As much as I hate to admit it, but i think you're right", Tess says.

And so they park away from the other cars, and grab a towel each before stripping down their bottom halves. Quickly they drive on.

An hour later, both girls are squirming, and with the car on cruise control, both can't resist scissoring their legs continuously.

"I leaked", Jess admits five minutes later.

Tess looks down between her sister's legs, failing to spot wetness on the towel. "Not much though, I can't see any on your towel", she says.

"Maybe not yet, but you will soon", Jess says, feeling at the end of her strength.

But then it's Tess' turn to lose some. She quickly clenches her legs even tighter and inspects her towel. A tiny wet spot is visible right underneath her pussy.

"Leaked too, huh?", Jess asks, noticing her sister looking down.

"Only a little", Tess answers, feeling another drop escape. "And a little more".

"My towel is really starting to feel wet", Jess admits.

This prompts Tess to look at her sister's towel, comparing it's wetness to hers. She also sees how a five second long trickle escapes her sister's bare pussy. "Lost some more I see", she says teasingly.

"Nearly lost all control there".

Then Tess leaks for about ten seconds, she stops it. Barely.

Not much later Jess leaks again, with all her might she tries to stop it. But a soft hissing sound soon fills the car.

"Guess I won", Tess says.

"This time, yeah", Jess admits, dreading the fact that her sister is right.

But the hissing is too much for Tess too. And a mere five seconds after her sister lost all control, she does too.

For about a minute and a half, pee pours out of the twins' pussies. Afterwards both sigh in relief.

Two hours later, the girls arrive at their hotel, they quickly dry their bottoms and put their clothes back on. They proceed to check in, and with their bladders having filled back up quickly, they have a hard time standing still in front of the counter.

As soon as they get to their room, they race to the bathroom, Jess taking the toilet and Tess resorting to the bidet.

"What about a rematch tomorrow?", Jess asks.

"Sure. Why not? But to make it more interesting and given the fact that - since our parents are on holiday - we'll be arriving to an empty house. Let's wear jean shorts and knickers", Tess suggests.

"Okay. You're on".

TO BE CONTINUED

*059*2018-05-27 18:43

{{4 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that ^^

}}

Great to hear. Thanks!

*061*2018-06-03 10:57

CHAPTER 15

The girls are preparing for the last part of their drive home.

"To make things fair, let's both pee now before having breakfast, so both our bladders are equally empty", Jess says.

"Fair enough".

And so the twins go pee, and have breakfast, which includes a large coffee, orange juice and two glasses of water each.

An hour later, the girls leave their final hotel, with Jess driving the first leg.

After two hours they stop at a road-side restaurant for a cup of coffee, they agree on both having a large cappuccino.

After their half-hour break, Tess takes the wheel, driving two more hours until lunchtime.

"I'm getting an urge to pee", Jess says over lunch.

"Me too", Tess says, "I think the car will get some soaking later on", she continues, smiling.

"I don't think it will, I'm sure it will", Jess laughs.

To make sure their bladders will soon be filled, each have two cokes and before leaving buy two bottles of water each, which they will have to finish within the next hour.

With Tess back at the wheel, the twins feel their bladders fill quickly. Each is wearing a white tank top with a white bra underneath and light blue jean shorts and white knickers. To prevent too much damage, each has two towels, folded in half, under their butts.

Just minutes after finishing her second bottle of water, Tess starts squirming.

Noticing that, Jess starts teasing her: "Looks like your bladder is filling up faster than mine".

But ten minutes later, it comes to haunt her as Jess too starts to squirm around.

"Looks like you're not doing great either", Tess quickly says.

The next half hour, the twins fidget and squirm more and more. Another twenty minutes later, Tess spots a rest stop.

"I've driven two hours since lunch, and it's another two hours to go. So I think it's fair to switch now", she says.

Reluctantly - knowing holding her pee will be harder behind the wheel - Jess agrees.

"But, to make it fair, you're only allowed to use one hand to hold yourself", she continues.

"Okay, but let's refill our bottles and finish them within an hour again".

And so the girls walk into the public restroom to fill their bottles. Opening the tap forces Tess has to grab herself for a second before regaining her composure.

"Saw that", Jess says teasingly.

"Don't care", Tess answers, just as a flushing sound fills the restroom.

This time, both girls have to grab themselves for two seconds, just regaining their composure before a woman leaves the right-most stall.

"Saw that too", Tess says, mockingly.

"Well at least that lady didn't", Jess says.

The twins walk back to their car and hit the road again. Fifteen minutes and half a bottle each in, neither is sitting still anymore.

"Ohhh, I need to go so bad", Tess says, one hand in her crotch.

"I can see that", Jess says, nodging towards her sister's crotch, while just barely managing to not grab herself too.

Five minutes later though, she can't any longer and it seems both girls are doing equally poorly.

Another five more minutes, both have finished their first bottle, as suddenly Tess starts moaning.

Seconds later, a two second spurt dampens her knickers. She manages to stop it, but realises she's fighting a lost battle.

A minute later, another spurt. And over the next five, she spurts another six times. A coin sized wet spot would now be visible on her crotch if it weren't for her hand blocking the view, and her ass feels wet.

Meanwhile in the driver's seat, Jess has lost some too, her knickers are wet, but her shorts feel dry. She feels another spurt escaping, which she manges to stop after four seconds. Now her butt is definitely wet too.

But just as she stops her leak, she also hears a hissing sound, and knowing enough she cries victory.

Indeed, Tess has lost it and she sits soaking her knickers, shorts, both towels and even the seat gets some on it. For a minute and a half, she just pees and pees.

During that time, the sound of her sister weeing, causes Jess to lose spurt after spurt, but she manages to reagin control each time, though only for about two to three seconds before losing another spurt.

Then, a minute after her sister finishes peeing, she loses control too. She pees - like her sister - for a minute and a half.

"Congratulations on the victory", Tess says after her sister finished, "but we still got a bottle each and another 90 minutes to go. So will this be our only accident?".

"I don't thinks so", Jess says, "let's get drinking".

Indeed, an hour later, both girls are squirming in their seats again. Their soaked shorts, knickers and lower parts of their tank tops have gone cold and sticky. And as both have one hand in their crotch, they can feel how wet they are still.

This time it's Jess to spurt first: "I spurted, but it feels so much nicer and warmer than these cold clothes. I think I'm gonna release small spurts to keep warm".

"Sounds like a great plan. I'll join you".

And thus, over the following twenty minutes the twins let go of some of their pent-up pee avery couple of minutes. But only ten minutes from home, Jess let's go of a bit too much.

"Fuck! I can't stop it. I'm trying to, but I just can't", she says as she feels her pee escaping for a minute.

"Looks like this time, you lost it first, so let's call it a tie and say our bladders are equal in strenghth", Tess say.

Jess agrees. "You think you can hold it till we're home?", she then continues.

"Oh hell no, I'm leaking involuntarily now", Tess says.

And another minute later she loses control again, and for a minute she just pees and pees. The vast amount of urine in both girls' bladders has gone through both towels and both seats are now soaked too.

Upon arriving home, Jess parks the car in their garage and the twins unpack it, before taking a shower and heading off to bed, which they leave regularly throughout the night to relieve their now oversensitive bladders.

THE END

*063*2018-06-03 18:32

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a excellent story

}}

Thanks!

*066*2018-06-05 20:46

{{2 hours ago, pickle313 said:

This was a great story. I really liked how they eventually started to like wetting, and in the last two chapters purposely set up circumstances so that they would have to wet themselves.

}}

Thank you!

$$

