Depserate drive

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2018-10-13 11:33

Amy was driving down the interstate, on her way to a job interview, a couple of towns over. It was a two and a half hour drive. She had applied for a job as dental assistant, having just recently completed her certification. She was really hoping to get this job. She wore semi formal attire: dark slacks, a dark grey cotton blouse. She had also out on modest pearl earrings, and an elegant, but simple silver watch.

She was glad she had set out with time to spare, because traffic was slow going. But she was not worried about being late, as she was over halfway there, and had over 2 hours to get to the interview. She was a little worried about her need to pee, however. She was stuck in traffic and had been holding it for about an hour.

She had just passed a rest area, and the next rest or gas station were about 40 miles out, according to googlemaps. Traffic was crawling at a pace of about 20 miles per hour.

Amy tried to take her mind off the matter, and run potential interview questions through her head. She was quite nervous about the interview. Being nervous made her need to pee a bit worse. She was regretting getting that large iced cappucinno at a drive through earlier. Amy really needed to go to the bathroom.

In the next 20 mins, traffic had not progressed much. Amy's need to pee, however, had progressed into a small emergency. Amy was desperate for a toilet. She shifted in her seat uncomfortably. Her bladder was so full it was beginning to ache.

Amy checked google maps. At this pace, it would be about another half hour until the closest gas station. Amy convinced herself she could hold it another half hour. She shifted again in her seat, and squirmed a little. She really needed to pee now, having held it for almost 2 hours.

In the next 15 minutes, Amy's need to pee went from being desperate to frantic. She was constantly moving around in her seat. She willed the traffic to move a bit faster. She was bursting for a pee.

Only 10 more minutes until the has station... where Amy could finally relieve her bursting bladder. She felt barely in control at this point she slipped a hand berween her legs to help hold in her pee.

Over the next 10 minutes, Amy held her pee by sheer willpower. Her bladder was hard and aching to be emptied. Finally, she pulled into the gas station parking lot, and parked her car. Quickly, she rushed into the gas station ladies room, and hurried into a stall. She frantically pulled down her black slacks and panties, and peed a burting stream into the toilet. After a very long pee, Amy continued on her, much relieved.

