Beginnings and Endings - Page 2

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*025*2018-05-23 17:54

I wake up feeling foggy but surprisingly dry, Min is there watching me sleep and stroking my hair. “Feeling better?”

“Yeah, once I got over the initial shock, yeah. By the way how am I still dry?”

“I just changed you.”

“Ah…” I look and see that I’m now wearing a forest green, gold, white, and brown plaid diaper that goes surprisingly well with my shirt. “So these things are actually amazingly good, where did you get them?”

“They’re prototypes that haven’t had commercial release yet. This isn’t just a simple punishment and I want to make sure you’re looked after. They can hold six to eight wettings and several messings before being at risk of failure. I got a variety pack case in several distinct kinds of patterns and took the liberty of placing it you closet.”

“Thank you, that’s actually super thoughtful.”

“Your Welcome.” Min is smiling “I also got you several packs of these from the same company, figured it might help on days where your craving some normalcy.” Min hands me a pack of white bikini cut briefs.

“GuardianTech™ performance briefs?”

“They’re designed for full incontinence protection as well as period wear and can handle three to four wettings/heavy flow. The best part is there designed so that you can rinse them out in a sink and re-wear them.”

“Holy shit! Thank you!” I jump up and hug Min. “This actually means a lot to me. So…..” I trail off “By the way how long was I out?”

“About twenty-two hours. Like I said you really over taxed your self both physically and mentally.”

“Damn…. You weren’t kidding” My stomach rumbles and Min’s smile has taken on a decidedly parental cast.

“Come on let’s get you dressed and fed.” My face is tomato colored as Min helps me into a pair of jeans they’ve laid and out and a canvas chore jacket before we head out the door do grab brunch at a diner up the street.

*030*2018-05-23 18:46

After getting something to eat we wander around a bit as I refamiliarize myself with the city. “Is this something you do with all new hires? I mean you’ve got to be seriously busy with stuff besides this?”

“I can maintain contact with my section of reapers plus my personal legion anywhere in the universe. I’m currently handling some thirty-six thousand routine administrative duties and twenty-four active combat operations while holding this conversation.”

“Woah!....”

“This is done for those who need it. It was determined in advance that you would require a certain amount of hands on attention.”

“Is that a good or bad thing?”

“Neither, it is what it is.”

“So do you like libraries?”

We spend the next couple hours hanging out at the Connolly branch. I love the old school architecture, it’s like something out of a movie. I find a comfortable leather armchair to catch up on a comic series I’ve gotten behind on. Min seems content to just watch. After several hours it’s getting close to closing. As I get up Min takes my arm and leads me to the bathroom. I flush suddenly realizing that I’m soaked and didn’t even notice it. After the whole mortification of being changed in the library handicapped stall is over Min and I keep walking before stopping at a movie theater to catch this interesting looking indie comedy.

After getting off the T near my apartment I feel a familiar pressure and look up at Min sheepishly. “Uhhhh… I’m going to have to take a dump in less than thirty seconds….”

Min leads me behind a closed news stand, where I begin filling my pants. Aside from the embarrassment the release and spreading warmth feels surprisingly nice. Min takes me home and runs a bath. Before I can protest I’m stripped and being scrubbed down, so I just decide to relax and enjoy it. Having someone wash your hair is always amazing that’s for sure. “I’m going to step and out and give you few minutes.” Min says with a knowing smile as they close the door.

I go pink realizing that Min was aware of a side effect of their thorough attention. Still I have been dying to try this.

Reaching down into the warm water I slowly slide my fingers up my perineum to my lips and begin to gently explore and manipulate them. A low building heat and tingling sensation let’s me know I’m on the right track. I slide my middle finger up and down my slit before I let out a surprised squeak. I’d had just hit my clit for the first time! That was a bit much though, so I change tac. Sliding one finger inside myself I gasp at the new sensation. I begin to frig myself while rubbing the palm of my hand over the hood of my little clit creating a pleasant friction. I find the heat and pressure builds till suddenly my whole body locks up like a seizure and I’m screaming my way through my first vaginal orgasm…..

*032*2018-05-23 21:53

Min walks back in shortly afterwards and I’m flushed cherry red jello as they scoop me up and dry me off putting me in a fresh diaper with retro/ray gun gothic style diaper with rockets ships and flying saucers before tucking me into bed……

The next weeks are spent recovering and adjusting to my new (un?)life. I try to get a routine going early to give myself something to focus. First up is taking a weeklong EMR refresher course. Than since I figure my job basically involves a large amount of criminal investigation work I should probably get some background in that. One call to Min and I’m auditing an intro forensics and a criminology course respectively at Northeastern. I also decide to sit in on a pathology course at Harvard Med. On top of that I’m doing range work once a week with a sig p226 and Samuel is more than happy to kick my ass in the sparring ring. Dude doesn’t look like much but get within five feet of him…..

It’s exhausting but it keeps my mind off things. Still I’m feeling kind of lonely what with the whole everyone I knew thinks I’m dead thing. Especially since it’s about a week away from thanksgiving. So I’m taking a walk through Franklin Park Zoo to clear my head when I get a call. No number just “Meanaria’el Captain of the Celestial Host”.

*034*2018-05-24 01:32

“Hey boss what’s up?”

“We have a serious emergency with a rogue spirit that’s gone active. We need to stop this before it becomes a full on cyclical haunting. I’m sending Samuel with a car and the file’s been emailed to you.”

“Affirmative chief.” The phone clicks off just as Samuel pulls up to the curb in a black Tahoe burning rubber.

I pull open the passenger side door and jump in, before I even get it fully closed we’re peeling out of there. “So what are we dealing with?”

“November 21st, 2009, 7:32 p.m.; the Matthews family were just sitting down to dinner when this man” Samuel points to a picture on my phone of a man with scraggly dark hair “kicks in the front door. Name was Leeny Burks. He’d been stalking the family for the past two weeks. Now he had all four of them hostage. The father Yousef, mom’s name was Mary, oldest was Shanna, and little timothy the youngest. The neighbor’s heard screaming and called the cops. At 7:34 p.m. two of Boston’s finest pulled up and approached the house.”

“I take it this ends badly?”

“You’d be right. Cpl. Janiqua Davis takes a .308 hollow point to the throat and is killed instantly. While officer Drew McDouglas takes a round that punches clean through his thigh shattering bone and nicking the femoral. It takes him 1 min and 32 seconds to bleed out. Back up arrives to find the entire family dead and Leeny with that rifle. Leeny gets mowed down by a solid wall of blue.”

“Jesus! That’s well….”

“Guy was a mix of family annihilator and spree killer. He apparently latched onto the Matthews because of a twisted mix of jealously and anger at his own abusive father.”

“And today’s the tenth anniversary of that event….. Shit!” Samuel nods and engages a siren and flashers as we slalom through traffic…….

*036*2018-05-26 19:10

Ch. 3

We pull up into a suburban tree lined street that looks like something out of a magazine. The newly built two story would be quite charming if not for the ominously flickering lights and the wind shaking the trees. Que the creepy piano music as Samuel and I stack up on the door. A quick gesture and Samuel kicks the door in while I rush weapon drawn, surprising myself as I reflexively let out a battle cry. “In the name of the LIGHT!!!........ Lily? What the fuck!?”

“Ashley!!??”

Inside the front hallway is balls out chaos. There are three screaming kids, an older sister trying to shield two younger siblings. Mr. Burgorman holding a knife to his wife’s throat, eyes an unsettling black. There are also three very familiar people sprawled on the ground or slumped against the wall.

Most notably my friend Lily, a local elementary school teacher and Wiccan with a not so secret goth side. We met at a club concert for a “Bealugosi’s Dead” cover band when I first moved here and had been friends ever since. I occasionally went to meetings for her coven which is how I knew Freidrick and Eloisa, currently slumped against the wall. This is something I’d have to deal with later, so I sight down and unleash several blasts, not being particular with my aim since I was using stun. Ms. Burgorman slumps down out cold as her possessed husband staggers back but does go down.

Shit why isn’t he down? I’ve used this thing on three muggers and two stick up types and they always drop with one shot. Guess it’s time to do this old school. I’ve only read about this in the handbook but first time for everything I guess. I advance on him ducking the wild knife swing and slam my now glowing hand palm first into his face. Attempting to smite Lenny without doing the same to the host. I find myself flung backwards by a blast of rebounding energy clean through the front window. Tumbling across the lawn in a shower of glass.

*038*2018-05-26 20:21

I stagger to my feet as Lily is hurrying the kids out the front door. While Samuel is supporting Friedrick and Eloisa as they make a hasty exit. I notice that Samuel has somehow managed to get everyone out in less then thirty seconds including Ms. Burgorman. We take cover by the car.

“Ashley!? But how? I thought you were… They said…”

“Long story. You guys???”

“The family found us online. Approached us for help with a possible haunting. I was skeptical, was never sure if I actually believed spirit contact was really possible. At first, we didn’t find anything. Not even something mundane like squirrels. The family had reported thumps and scratching, other noises but we couldn’t definitively find anything structurally wrong with the building that could explain it. Then one night around three we started hearing it ourselves. We decided to stay onsite as long as it took to find an explanation. We were all increasingly worried about Dave (the father), he seemed withdrawn and depressed. Counseling wasn’t helping. We started getting EMF static, then the screams started you could here them at night along with a smell of cordite indicating gun smoke. We had been investigating for three weeks, then this happened.”

“We heard screaming and knowing the history of the place feared the worst. We found Dave trying to strangle Richey(the youngest). His eyes they…. They were solid black….. It wasn’t Dave in there…. We tried to exorcise it, but it was too strong. If you hadn’t gotten here……”

“It’s okay….” I place a hand on her shoulder. “Cavalries here and were going to bust ourselves a motherfucking ghost.”

“Damn straight” The strained smile on Lily’s face is a serious improvement.

“You hit him with invocation of Hecate. Samuel and I will use Roman Right. I’ll cover our approach….”

“We bust him hard…”

“Damn straight girl.”

*040*2018-05-26 23:56

I charge in laying down covering fire, stun blasts impacting the building as I shoulder check the door the rest of the way off it’s hinges. Leeny boy coming at me with that butcher knife, cliché much? I grab his wrist twist and soon the SOBs on his knees, arm cranked around behind as I continue the exorcism. Placing my palm on his forehead. “By the authority invested unto me by the Powers, by the authority of my ascension, by my will. I do command and compel thee.” A second rebound hits me, sending me into the wall hard enough to crack the sheetrock leaving a roughly me sized hole.

Lily comes into back me up.

“Hecate, Wayfarer, Path Finder

Mistress of the Thresholds we all must cross

Goddess of the Triple Crossroads where destiny meets choice

Keeper of wisdom, teacher of the wise

Destroyer of illusion and Guardian of the Gates

Hail, Owl-eye Goddess of Magick and the roads of Mystery!

I Your Priestess do beseech and call upon thine blessing.”

And ducks just in time to avoid being brained by a flying lamp.

It’s now Samuel’s turn at bat….

“Princeps gloriosissime caelestis exercitus,

Sancte Michael Archangele,

Defende nos in proelio adversus principes potestates

Principes autem adversus mundi rectores tenebrarum harum,

Contra spiritualia nequitiæ, in excelsis”.

And crap Samuel goes down. Lamp 1, reaper 0.

*042*2018-05-27 01:35

{{41 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn nooooooo we cant let it end like this

}}

That made me laugh

*044*2018-05-27 03:09

I charge in and tackle Lenny pinning him in a submission hold. I may not exactly be Hulk Hogan, but I’ve been training for the past two weeks straight. And as it turns out in a superhuman slug fest two weeks training is the deciding factor. I watch Freidrick and Eloisa come running up with Samuel; carrying a first aid kit and a I shit you not, honest to God straightjacket. Samuel pulls out a syringe and it’s bedtime for the undead murder machine. We get the jacket on it and load it into the car. Boy that must have been quite the site. Another car pulls up for the family and we head for a safe house ending round one.

*046*2018-06-19 04:57

The safehouse turns out to be an abandoned school. We pull through and several people in dark suits are pulling the gate shut behind us. They even have little Bluetooth headsets. “So ‘Men in Black/Letters’ types?” I whisper at Samuel

“Essentially, yes.”

We get Lenny/Poor Mr. Burgorman changed into a hospital gown and strapped onto a bed. A nurse they apparently have on staff gets him hooked up to an IV and catheter. A job I am very glad is not mine.

We wait and in a few hours, he starts to come around. Naturally he tries for the wall slam trick. “Sorry Lenny boy, rooms warded, so that’s not goanna work.” He thrashes against the restraints. “YOU THINK THESE CAN HOLD ME!!??” his voice drops to a low growl. “I’m going to enjoy watching you scream beneath me as I choke the life out of you bitch….”

“Lily you almost done? I’m really eager to take out the Trash.”

“I screwed over Death, God, and the Devil. You think you can take me?!!!”

“Wow you are as stupid as you are arrogant. Who do you think sent us shitlord? You see my friend Lily, she used the time you were out cold to do the whole research montage. Turns out they’ve got some nifty old grimoires stashed here.”

“See this little doll?” She holds up a wax figurine from a cart loaded with all manner of occult paraphernalia. “I had one of the guys here get a tooth fragment from your ashes, turns out the state dumped them in a storage locker. Which is all I need to bind you to it. Well that and a shit ton of rare herbs and consecrated oils. In a few minutes this little guy is going to be your new home.”

For the first time Lenny looks seriously nervous. “You can’t do that witch!!”

“I am the daughter of Hecate. The inheritor of Merlin, Dee, and Crowley. I walk the shadow paths and see the hidden things. The workings of the Gods. And it is by this power and my will that I bind thee.” Lily draws out a circle around the bed and begins sketching sigils. Lighting candles and swinging a censor of incense. “These signs were first given to the prophet Enoch and the Kings of Old Hyboria by the watchers, the secrets of creation it’s font and source. By them and the most excellent name, this tetranomigon JEHOVAH; I do bind thee to my will, wraith.” Lilly pours a small blood sample container out onto part of the pentacle. “With this sacrifice of my blood freely given, I do bind thee to my will.” Lenny begins to buck and scream.

“What the shit are you doing? I kill you witch!!” Samuel begins to drone. A low echoey sound that reverberates across the room. It seems to resonate with the sound of the universe exploding into being all those billions of years ago. I join in, stunned that I’m even capable of making a noise like that.

“I see and know you spirit, you are bound to my will and I compel thee to this vessel that I have crafted. By these signs and the sacred word of creation. I remake thee.” I strike a bell and the brassy notes mix with the chant to fill the room. A cloud of mist pours from Mr. Burgorman into the wax doll in a roar of rushing air. It is finished and we collapse to our knees staggered the binding spell having apparently exhausted us…..

*048*2018-06-22 02:45

Ch. 4

Lily and I sit down to talk while filling out the paperwork, worryingly enough I was still having the shakes. So, I lit up another cig. “YOU’RE DEAD!!??? But how.... How are we having this conversation?”

“I don’t fully understand it but apparently this like my ‘penance’ or something…..” I go on give her a brief rundown of my death and resurrection as it were. Lily slapped me when I confirmed that yes, I had killed myself and that that part at least wasn’t the feds covering their asses. I don’t know whether or not I deserved that, but it sure felt like I did. I’ve never quite seen that level of hurt in her eyes.

“And the cigarettes!? You always thought it was the stupidest thing. I think your exact words were ‘Paying for lung cancer and it doesn’t even get you that high?” I can hear the anger mixed with concern in her voice. “Goddess I thought you were… And now your back, but undead? And chain-smoking to self-medicate what are clearly PTSD shakes?” And then she’s pulling me into a crushing vice of a hug, tears streaming down her face. “I missed you….”

“Same” She pulls back the strained smile on her tear stained face once again making things seem a hell of a lot better. “Come on let’s get something to eat, we could both use it.”

We’re riding the T when suddenly I hear her gasp “Ashley!?” I look down to see that I’ve sprung a leak and my jeans are soaked. “Ahhh Shit!! Lily I.. I….” I make my second confession of the evening, breaking down sobbing, the train thankfully deserted at 4:23 a.m. as I tell her about my new “condition”. Lily new about my Little side but not my related interest. Still she takes the news remarkably well, still social anxiety aside I new that I could always trust her. It’s Lily was a common phrase in my head whenever I worried about what she’d think.

“I mean it sucks that this is a thing but compared to the other shit? Like the whole there is an afterlife and we just fought a serial killer ghost thing!!! This is nothing. I love you girl and I’ll always look after you. Apparently that happens to include my Little A needing diapers now.” And we’re both laughing as we exit the train.

A Denny’s at almost five in the morning is apparently one of the few places wet pants won’t get you a lot of a stares. I get cleaned up in the bathroom. Lily and I spend the next hour catching up while I tear my way through an omelet and a stack of pancakes. Lily having waffles. We both steal bits of each other’s meal. Ad then we stagger into my apartment and crash. Flopping onto the bed still dressed, my head tucked into the hollow between her neck and chest. I drift off.

*050*2018-06-23 08:33

I wake up to a soaked pullup and Lily’s smile, so on the balance not an unpleasant situation. “Hey sleepy head. Glad your up I was just debating whether or not to wake you up for a change.”

“You knew?”

“I checked… I hope that’s okay?”

“Yeah, you know I trust you and that I gave you that kind of access.” (Lily and I had a standing permission thing going regarding sexual contact, but we both still checked in every now then to make sure things we’re cool.)

“I’m just surprised you even thought of that.”

Lily actually blushes “When you first told me about the Little thing I did some research and came across the DL side of the community. It suddenly explained why I noticed you pants seeming to fit oddly on a couple occasions. Somebody not intimately familiar with your butt and that didn’t know about your Little side probably wouldn’t have even noticed but I wasn’t 100% sure. Than I found the storage cabinet with the packs of well…. I was looking for that vibe you mentioned? The new one you got with the hooked end? I figured the storage cabinet hidden in the closet would probably be where the sexy fun time stuff was kept and well…”

“Holy Shit I can’t believe you knew about that!!?” If this were anyone else, I’d probably be wanting to die a second time out of shame. “Remember how I only opened up to you about my med fet/fantasy of being tied up and ‘used’ for experiments and vice versa, after we had been friends for six months and fucking for four? And that was with the level of instant connection we had. I figured that with something this, let’s go with ‘unorthodox’, you’d need time to open up about it.”

I can’t think of anything, so I just pull Lilly into a deep hug surprised when realize that I am both flooding my already soaked pullup and sobbing uncontrollably. I’ve had years of talk therapy but have never really been able to let go like this. “I…. No….. But I….. I know you and your feeling scared and embarrassed and vulnerable right now. You feel like it’s wrong to be that way, that people will hurt you if you are. But you have nothing to apologize for. You’re my friend and I love you. You’re safe with me, so you don’t have to keep shields up 24/7.”

“Okay?” Lily smiles as she brushes a strand of hair out of my face. My voice comes out fairly horse “Thank you… I…. I really need to be reminded of that sometimes.”

“Your welcome…. So new deal.” Lily’s tone becomes all authority and business.

“I’m not looking to be full time Cg, but you have a legit medical issue now and I want to help. So, if I have the time/energy I’m going take care of your…”

“Special underwear?”

“Yeah, I like that.” Lily has an amused grin on her face. “Are you sure though?”

“I’m sure that’s why I set clear boundaries and explained that I can’t be there one hundred percent of the time. But this is something I want to do because I care about you. So, deal?”

“Deal”

Lily is still grinning as she gives me a gentle shove and I land back on the bed. “Well then I think somebody needs a change then…..”

*052*2018-06-23 19:15

Lily heads over to closet and goes to the small plastic storage bin. “Same place as before awesome. Also wow these are super nice and are these link thinx or something?” Lily is holding up a navy boyshort pair of the GuardianTechs.

“Kind’a. Min, they’re like my supervisor/caretaker brought them. They can be used 3 or 4 times and then washed out in a sink.”

“That’s actually pretty cool…. You mind if grab a few for shark week?” I can’t help laughing. “Feel free to load up, the supplies are kind of a work perk. I think they’re not even on the market yet.”

“Do you want your nifty space panties….” She rummages around. “Another pullup or one of the full tapeup style?”

It takes my brain a few seconds to adjust to this is really happening. “I guess tapeup? I’m not planning on going out and I don’t feel like having to worry about frequent changes.”

“Tape up it is then…. Wow these are really super cute. Like I’m not even into this and I might consider wearing one.” Lily is holding one in white back/navy polka dot. Before I know it she has my shirt, bra, and jeans off. Lily presses on my soaked pullup eliciting a small squeak. “Wow you really did a number on this one.” I think I blush but I’m not sure if that’s even something I can do. Lily rips down the front of the pullup. “Holy Shit!!!! That’s… new?”

“Job perk.”

“I’ll say.” Lily’s expression has gone distant as she stares at my new sex. “Has anyone?”

“Min, but that was all business… They were just helping me get cleaned up.” Lily takes a wipe and gets to work. I can’t hide the effect it’s having. Lily is thorough, but it soon becomes clear that more is going on besides cleaning. She drops the pretense sliding a finger between my lips. “So, you’ve never experienced what it’s like to have someone touch you this way?”

“You’d be the first”

“I’m honored.”

I feel Lily’s finger touches the hood over my little knub pressing and rotating. “Oh Fuck!!” She grins sliding back down and up. I Feel a heat building and huh so that’s what they mean by getting wet. Lily leans down kissing me our tongues dueling before she goes lower planting kisses on my collar bone, working her way down to my breast. Her lips graze my nips as a finger pierces me. “Ohhhh God!! Lily what… That’s.. So that’s what that feels like….” She smiles at me

“You like that?”

“Shit is that a rhetorical question?” Lily continues to palm my sex, fondling it as I rock against her unable to stop even if I wanted to. “Tell me what you want.”

“I want you take me and fuck me. Please Lily I need you.” Lily just smiles and proceeds to kiss and nibble her way up my stomach leaving a trail of hickeys from navel to just behind my ear. She whispers “I’m going to leave you a sticky, sweaty, mess but first I have one more question. Do you want me to make you dinner and pop your cherry tonight?”

“Gods yes!!! If there’s any one I trust, I mean shit yes. Lily I want you to be the woman to make a woman out me so to speak. I mean I’m nonbinary, but you know what I….”

I squeal as Lily effectively face plants in my crotch her tongue moving in one long arc from perineum to clit. Her tongue dances and then one finger after another enters She look up in between nibbling on my lips. “I’m so honored to be the first to share these experiences with you. Which is why I’m going to take all day and do this right. How are you enjoying have someone go down on you?”

“I feel like I’m about to pass out…. It’s Fucking amazing!!!” Lily laughs at the accidental pun and proceeds to go lower she knows how much I like my butt played with from before I had this new entrance. The two sets of finger working away, her tongue piercing my white hot center it’s all two much and scream shocked as a geyser shoots out of me soaks her face. “Huly Sit baeb y’a squit’ed!!!!” is all she can get out as I grind against her face. Eventually I get my legs to unlock, she barely has time to get air before pressing her lips against mine. Damn I taste good.

The next few minutes are a blur. Lily somehow get the diaper on me without scrambling my brain from how sensitive I am down there. We curl up in bed, her naked and me in just a diaper. I’m completely blissed out just enjoying the moment as Lily puts on a pirated broadcast from japan. For the first time in I don’t know how long things, feel…. Right….

