Severus potion

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2020-07-23 16:07

Today Severus thought he would work on some potions that needed to be done for the hospital wing. He made sure to get everything ready before he started including getting drinks ready so he wouldn’t have to leave during the time he was making his potions.

He got started, he thought he would start with some pain relievers, something easy. As time when on he was constantly drinking, unaware of how this was going to effect him later.

He then decided to move on to some of the more complicated potions but thought he would take a break to get a quick bite to eat. After eating he saw it was getting late so he decided to start on the rest of the potions straight away. Completely forgetting that he should have got to the loo before starting the potions.

He had just started a really complicated potion when he felt a twinge in his bladder and he started to think when was the last time he went to the toilet. He had not been since he morning pee and it was now 9 in the evening. He thought he would finish the potion he was working on and ignore his bladder. He could make it.

He soon realised that all the liquid he had been drinking thought the day was starting to catch up with him. He also still had 5 hours left on his complicated potion, he was starting to get worried.

After another half an hour of concentrating on his potion he got a more urgent twinge from his bladder saying he was pretty full.

Severus was getting really worried. Thinking he might not be able to make it.

Another hour went by and Severus was shuffling about on the spot trying to keep his bladder in check. He kept telling himself that he had to hold it for only another 3 and half hours and then he can get the sweet relief he wants. But the potion was important and it would be a waste of ingredients if he left now an fine he would have to start again.

Another hour down Severus was seriously thinking he was going to piss himself in his potion lab. But at least nobody would witness it he thought.

2 hours left on the potion and Severus was trying to concentrate on the potion and not on his bladder.

Severus reached down to squeeze his crotch in an effort to see if it help to keep all that piss inside him. But he had to focus on the potion lest he ruin it and all this holding would be for nothing.

1 hour left and Severus thought he might make it. But then he lost a spurt. Severus grabbed his crotch quickly trying to contain the flood inside him. Severus was string to panic and think he really might not make it to bathroom let alone finish his potion.

He only had 45 minutes left on his potion, so Severus thought he would rough it out and stay till he finished his potion, hoping this wouldn’t be a bad idea.

Another spurt escaped and Severus grabbed his dick through his pants, luckily it was just a same one and Severus breathed a sign of relief.

Severus looked at the clock only 30 minutes left he could make it there was only a few more steps on his potion to complete it, he couldn’t give up now.

One of Severus’ hand was planted firmly on his dick to help keep any spurts of urine escaping from his full to bursting bladder. He could not stand still, shifting from side to side praying that his bladder would not release its self all over his trousers.

Severus was trying really hard to focus on his potion and not the tsunami that was going to come.

10 minutes left for the potion and then he would bottle and go and have a very long relieving piss.

Another spurt escaped a longer one this time like 3 seconds and Severus had a hard time stopping it but he managed it. Having a vice like grip on his dick to help keep the flood in, hopping up and down, trying to get the time to hurry up so he could pee.

Severus was thinking how he would have to get he way back to his quarters when he was this desperate for a piss.

He checked the time and the potion had 1 minutes to set the he could put it into bottles and be on his was to have the best piss of his life.

The timer went off. Just bottle and then he can leave for his quarters.

Everything bottled with difficulty.

Severus now had both hands on his dick and was thinking of how to get to his quarters quick as possible.

He exited his lab and slowly made his was to his quarters hoping no more spurts escaped from his overfilled bladder or that he ran into any students with his hands on his dick trying to keep all that piss in.

Finally he got to his quarters, but a spurt of piss escaped the biggest one, he gripped his dick even tighter and looked to see what his trousers looked like. He could see streaks of his piss down one leg if his trousers. He hoped he made it to his bathroom before any more leaks.

He saw his bathroom door and thought finally I can get relief I have craved for over 4 hours.

Severus opened the bathroom door an this bladder fog excited and start to release its self but Severus clamped hard on his dick saying “no no no I’m so close I can’t piss myself in front of the toilet”.

Severus grabbed his button and zipper on his trousers at the same time he hobbled over to the toilet not even bothering to closed the door.

Cause he hands were wet for the leaks, he struggled to undo his zipper all the while leaks were escaping from his dick even though he still had one hand gripping tightly to his dick.

Just as he got his zipper down he bladder had had enough and started to release its self and Severus release a long groan, all the while trying to stem the flow long enough to get his dick out of his pants. He couldn’t

So he just stopped trying and just pulled out his rebellious firehose, getting piss everywhere, the window, his towels, the floor all before getting his aim under control. Before he fully relaxed and let the piss just flow out of him, as he had wanted it to all those hours ago. The relief he was feeling was orgasmic and his moans could be classed as his reaching his completion. He was moaning his relief I so loud he thought someone might hear him.

He finally got to piss and that was all he wanted.

After his piss finally tapered off, he began to get hard, which wasn’t unusual for him cause he had a bit of a piss kink. He slowly stroked his now hard dick using the piss as lubricant, he body shook with pleasure as his orgasm overtook him, making his whole body shake, he had to grab onto the wall to keep from falling as the intense orgasm washed over him.

Spent from the relief of both kind, he quickly hopped into the shower to wash all the piss off his, throwing his clothes in the laundry basket. Then falling into bed, hoping he would be up too many times during the night to pee.

