Riding out a Blizzard in Diapers - Page 2

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*026*2017-11-14 15:37

{{7 minutes ago, Omopees said:

Hope for some bmsd and Diaper desperation

}}

Not really into that scene myself Omo, but Riley has been into wrestling for years so I may be able to work some of that in. ;)

*027*2017-11-14 19:42

The girls began to chat as Riley rubbed some hand sanitizer from her suit pocket into her hands before kicking off her snow boots and picking up one duffel bag, Alex grabbing the other. “I brought mostly clothes, pajamas and socks, I figured we’d basically be lounging around all day so that seemed appropriate. I also brought my LAN party box, so we can settle our long running ‘Mortal Combat’ feud and I just got the box set of the trades of ‘On Glorious Iron Wings’ so that we can pick up where we left off before classes got in the way.”

“Hell, Yes!” Alex pumps her fist. “Oh, and I also brought a bunch of our ‘Ali and Riley fun time toys’.” Riley said with a wicked grin on her face as Alex’s resumes a neon sign hue; knowing full well what that means. The conversation moves to comparing battle scars from the previous semester. The girls are attending University of Michigan together. Alex is studying digital arts and graphic design. Riley is an engineering major. They had been high school sweethearts, before becoming college girlfriends. Their first night at college the girls had pushed the twin beds of their dorm room together and proceeded to fill their floor with the sounds of joyful and enthusiastic lesbian lovemaking. Lately though they had been having a bit of dry spell, as classes and extracurricular’s ate into their time. This was their first time seeing each other after leaving school for winter break as Riley had been visiting relatives out of state. Both girls are extremely eager to make up for lost time.

*028*2017-11-14 21:34

Once in the break room the girls set the duffel bags down and continue catching up. The conversation proceeds uninterrupted as Riley takes a moment to strip out of her snow suit. First, she unzips it and shrugs her arms out of the sleeves, revealing a skin tight white thermal top that does nothing to hide her perky b-cups. Seconds later the heavy jumpsuit slides down her legs, pooling around her ankles. Riley bends over slightly as she works the jumpsuit the rest of the way off. Treating Alex to a view of her cute, pert, little bottom, wonderfully toned from hundreds of hours of dead lift squats; in the process. Her matching white, footed, thermals leaving very little to the imagination. After getting out of her suit Riley sprawls in the chair across from Alex, legs splayed, her tight fitting base layer doing nothing to hide her erect nipples and engorged lips. The girls continue their conversation for another half hour or so stopping only to make lunch.

*030*2017-11-16 05:30

After lunch, “So Ali you need a change?” Alex splutters almost spraying soda across the table “What!?”

“Well your underwear is pretty soaked with pee and girl juice, so I figured you’d want a fresh pair. Plus, you said you had trouble getting the tape ups on and I think it would be a smart idea to wear one to avoid any leaks like from this morning.” Riley says in a business-like tone that would have done any nurse proud. “You actually want to do that?”

“You actually want to clean up my dirty privates after I’ve wet myself repeatedly?!” Alex asks bewildered.

“One. Honestly, it’s not that a big a deal for me. I’ve changed my nieces and nephews plenty of times. Two. We’ve already seen each other at our best and worst; remember that time when on my fifth birthday I was so scared of the mouse at ‘Chuckie Cheese’s’ I peed myself, then ran and hid in the ball pit? Remember how on our first day of school we were so nervous, and you told me that we had each other’s backs, and nobody could touch us, so long as that was the case.”

“And then you said, ‘Yeah by the end of the day we’ll be running this place gangsta’ style’”

“Shit, we didn’t even know what that last part meant back then” Alex said busting out laughing at the end. Riley continues “How about all those times as kids we would catch the same bugs, so we would ride it out together, not even bothering to close the in-suite door when one of us would stagger into the bathroom to wreck the toilet.”

“Oh! sweet Flying Spaghetti Monster those were the worst!”

“Then there were the good times, all those times our folks would take us camping and we would do all that amazing Norman Rockwell bullshit! Toasting marshmallows and hotdogs before holding hands and watching the stars. You knew all the constellations buy eight.”

“Remember middle school Ali?”

“Jesus what a cluster fuck!” Alex says once again breaking out into laughter “Your telling me, but we got through it together. Sharing tips and horror stories when we first got our periods, playing pranks and dodging bullies with Jake, Karim, and Terra, watching you proudly present some of your art on the local PBS station.”

“Don’t forget how you won the eighth-grade science fair with your tire changing robot.”

“The mark II version is still in use.” Riley said grinning. “Then we found out after many a long night of riveting discussion that we both crushed harder on the lead sing of our favorite goth band, “Sisters of the Elder Fire”, than we did on any of the boy bands; but…..”

“It still took us till sophomore year to figure out just how much we actually liked each other.” Alex finished her face beaming. “And our first time, Ali?” Alex’s wistful and nostalgia tinged smile simply will not fade “We were young newly minted lesbians who had decided to make our love a statement, we were each going to be the penetrative and receptive partner simultaneously when we made love for the first time. To that end we bought a double headed dildo, seven inches, and rainbow colored no less.”

“I remember you trying to explain to your uncle why you needed his credit card, you were stammering and stuttering so much, he thought you had crashed the car at first.” Riley said, smirking as once again Alex does her tomato impression before continuing. “The night arrived junior prom, after the festivities had died down we drove out to the casino in Brightwater were Uncle Lewis had generously booked us a room. We spent an hour or two exploring each other’s bodies with tongues and fingers, and having a good six or seven orgasms between us.

Then the moment of truth arrived and after a bit of trial and error finding the right position we decided to do it quick like tearing off a band aid. We slammed our bodies together, the fading pain mixing with the endorphins and oxytocin to create a strange euphoria as we “came” down for the final time that night. I remember us both crying into each other’s shoulders as all the feelings rushed out at once. Joy, physical exhilaration, first time nerves, love, and a strange melancholy sadness of knowing that we could never be here again and that one day it would all end. All those feelings mixing and pooling along with our blood on the sheets.” Alex’s voice fades and becomes wistful. “Then it was a whirl wind of senior year and college, with test’s, parties, stress, and way too much takeout. And now here we are.” Riley finishes before pausing briefly “So why the fuck after all that do you think that I’m the slightest bit bothered by the thought of cleaning off your pee coated crotch?!!”

Alex sits quietly for a moment and without even realizing it begins to pee herself, the emotional weight of the situation causing her to lose control. Looking down she notices the pee spilling out of her overtaxed pullup, pooling in the seat of the chair, before running down onto the floor. In a voice husky and cracking with emotion “Riley… I… I wet myself and need you to change me.”

*034*2017-11-17 01:24

“No problem Ali, just give me a minute to grab some supplies and then I’ll have you nice and clean and dry. Okay, love?”

“Sounds great” Alex says smiling softly. When Riley returns she is pushing one those odd miniature shopping carts you sometimes see in smaller stores, loaded down with goods. “Now first we need something to change you on. It seems like the simplest and most comfortable solution is to a put some kind of changing pad over the mattress. These should do nicely.” Riley say’s as she pulls out a package of the bed pads, ripping it open before placing one on the mattress.

“Then we can actually change you. Lewis told me that he occasionally gets orders for the primo kind of disposable undies, so he always keeps a few cases in stock behind the pharmacy counter. I grabbed a pack of these Molicares, there supposed to be all space age, German engineered, amazingness or something. I guess will find out soon enough Ali.” Riley rips open the pack and places one on the mattress. “Finally, we got this.” She says holding a bottle labeled Areosport Performance: antifriction powder. It’s a high-powered product aimed at athletes, designed to prevent your junk chafing or getting swampy no matter how extreme the conditions. And bonus points it’s supposed to never clump, is hypoallergenic, and designed not to irritate your bits if it gits up in there.”

“Now get your but over here and let’s get you changed!” Riley says playfully patting the mattress.

Alex takes off her shirt and bra, then lies back on the changing pad as Riley snaps on a pair of nitrile exam gloves. Then placing her hands inside the waist band, she pulls up and away in a single smooth motion tearing the briefs open and out from under Alex in one go. This leaves Alex naked except for her socks, legs splayed, as her girlfriend grins down at her with a Cheshire cat expression.

*036*2017-11-17 02:39

Riley takes her time using the wet wipes to clean Alex’s thighs, but, and groin. Particular care is taken, perhaps more than strictly necessary, to clean her girl’s vulva and crevice. Although Alex doesn’t seem to think so, as she makes soft contented noises in response to Riley’s attentiveness. Throwing the spent wipes onto the destroyed pull up she turns to Alex, a playful smirk on her face. “Does your little kitty need some grooming” Alex looks down at her stubbly crotch. “Yeah I haven’t done it since this past weekend and with the whole diaper thing it’s probably a good idea to keep it short.”

“All right then Riley’s salon is open for business!” saying this as she gets up tossing the spent pullup and peeling off her gloves. Heading to the sink she washes her hands and fills a small plastic tub with warm water. Humming “Hooked on a Feeling” to herself as she does so; before grabbing a small pair of scissors, razor, wash cloth and shaving cream out her toiletries bag. Then walking back over to Alex, still smiling and humming.

*038*2017-11-19 16:15

She starts by trimming down the center of Alex’s bush to a short length before wiping the area off with a warm damp washcloth. Then taking a hand full of shaving cream proceeds to rub it into her girlfriend’s pubic area. Alex closes her eyes as she relaxes and zones out, enjoying the sensations. Riley still humming takes the razor and shaves the stubble back into a small neat v, pointing the way from bikini line to vulva. She wipes down Alex’s sex with the wash cloth before applying more shaving cream to her perineum, going lower and working it in between her cheeks, causing Alex to make more breathy pleasure noises as her girlfriends circling fingers massage her rose bud. With a few deft strokes she finishes shaving, rinses and disinfects the razor, giving Alex a very thorough final wipe down before sliding two fingers into her by now very aroused vagina. “Oh shit, Riley”

“You like this, Ali”

“Hell yeah! it’s been months, I need this, I need you. Riley please make me cum!” and with that Riley slides one hand up to Alex’s breasts massaging them and teasing her nipples while the other rhythmically work’s its finger in and out of her sex. Occasionally pulling out to teasingly work its way up her lips to her clit, circling it slowly, before sliding back down. Riley pauses leaving a confused and horny Alex in suspense for a thirty count, before running her tongue from perineum to clit in a single stroke, causing a startled Alex to cry out “Ayeeh!! Oh shifuc Riley! more, please! Please love, I need you to devour me.” And Riley proceeds to do just that working her girlfriends sex with tongue and fingers, before briefly working her way down to Alex’s rosebud once again. She runs her tongue over it tasting Alex’s sweat and earthy musk. “Mmm”

“Riley, likes sweaty buthole” Alex teases in a sing song voice causing both girls to laugh hysterically as the mood briefly swings in a one eighty, the girls take a moment to catch their breath before resuming. It’s not long before Alex is at the brink. Sensing this Riley begins to mercilessly tongue her clit before sliding a cum coated middle finger right into her girlfriend’s rear end and working it in and out. Thirty seconds later, Alex launches into the stratosphere, and her hips lock around Riley’s face as she tries her damnedist to hump it off her….. The girls, breathless, beam at each other their faces glowing. Alex lies sprawled on the mattress, shaky, sweaty, her groin and thighs covered in her own juices. She is also the happiest she has been in months. Riley kneels above her face coated in her girlfriends cum, the crotch of her white thermals visibly soaked with her own.

*042*2017-11-21 03:11

After taking a moment to recover Alex grabs Riley and pulls her onto the mattress, leaning in to kiss her passionately, her crotch grinding against her girlfriends, and soaking her already wet leggings. Alex breaks contact just long enough to haul Riley’s thermals down to her knees before beginning to vigorously pleasure her sex with tongue and fingers. Riley’s panting staccato instructions guiding her to all the right spots. As Riley nears climax, Alex prepares to go for the kill. Pulling Riley’s thermal bottoms the rest of the way off, Alex then rolls her onto her knees before applying her skillful tongue and fingers to her girlfriends anus.

You see Riley loves, the “but sex”, both giving and receiving. Right now, she is close to euphoric as Alex’s tongue and fingers explore her forbidden intimate area. Which is why it only takes an additional two minutes to bring her to a very vigorous orgasm that is surprisingly silent in it’s intensity. Facing each other now “Looks like I’m not the only one who likes sweaty butthole.” The girls share a laugh before going in for a kiss, the taste of their most intimate places mingling on each other’s tongues before they collapse exhausted, cuddling each other as they drift off to sleep.

*044*2017-11-23 02:49

After waking up a couple hours later Riley gives Alex a more platonic cleaning of her intimate areas before taping a fresh pair of special underwear on. “So, what I do is slide this under your but, then I apply the antichafe powder, then we tape you up like so and now your fresh and dry.”

“Okay that’s done let’s get you dressed”

“You don’t have to do that.”

“It’s Okay. I want to, and I might as well finish what I started.”

“Okay?” Riley grabs a pair of Alex’s pajamas from the bag; black, loose-fitting, cotton with rainbow polka dots. She holds up the bottoms as Alex steps into them before helping her into the top and buttoning it. “Thanks babe” Alex is confused and conflicted in terms of her feelings on the whole experience “Earth to Alex; you there, girl?”

“Uh, Yeah sorry”

“Everything Okay?”

“I don’t know I just hate feeling so, I don’t know. I guess I’m still adjusting to and getting over the embarrassment and humiliation of being a diapered twenty something university student, of being treated like a child. And yet…. I liked it or at least parts of it. I liked not having to get out of bed to pee, I… I liked the feeling of warmth encasing my junk, I liked the feeling of intimacy and closeness when you changed me and dressed me.”

“Does that make me a freak?”

“Who the fucks cares? I’ll take my freaky girl over a normal any day!!”

“Hold onto that and never be a shamed of liking something so harmless. I mean do you see me screaming and running a way you’re some kind of B movie monster?” Alex laughs

“Do you want to learn how to change your special underwear, so you can do it yourself? That way you can wear one and still be in charge of your own bathroom business? You’d have a choice, take care of replacing your disposable toilet yourself, if your feeling all business. Or have your girlfriend do it because it turns out that’s a wonderful way of getting some TLC and bonding in.”

“Yeah that sound good Riley”

“So let’s get started then! You can practice putting one on me first.” Riley says as she flops onto the mattress. “Wait you’re wearing one?”

“Well how did you think I was going to handle things Ali?”

“I know I’m the next best thing to perfect but even I have to piss and shit. It’s just I happen to piss champagne and shit rainbow sherbet.” After another fit of laughter Alex then proceeds to place a pair of special undies on Riley according her instructions. After taking a few tries to get the tapes right, she grabs a pair of pajamas for Riley and helps her into them. They’re tight fitting with a green, yellow and black southwest print. They also very clearly show off the extra padding on her backside.

*048*2017-11-28 18:04

It is now close to four o’clock and the girls are in full gaming marathon mode. Bags of snacks of litter the mattress as they attempt plow through the co-op campaign on Magus: The Accession. After getting stomped by a boss for the third time in a row Riley slumps back onto the mattress groaning in frustration. “Time for a break?” Alex asks “Yeah God that temple guardian”

“Tell me about it” riley suddenly let’s out a small gasp and goes quite her face noticeably flushed. “You Okay?” then realizing what’s going on Alex grins and sticks a hand down the front of Reily’s pajamas. The front of her special panties is noticeably warm. The girls share a knowing look “Shit that feels good I’ve been holding it since this morning.”

“Riley likes using her special underwear?” Alex teases. “Yep this actually feels surprisingly nice once you get over the initial weirdness. I guess were wearing these for all our marathon sessions now?”

“I can’t believe I’m being serious but yeah I want to keep wearing the special underwear on certain occasions after this is over.”

“I mean you’re not going to judge me Riley and I doubt uncle Lewis would and no one else needs to know so…” Alex goes quite as she snuggles up to Riley. Nothing else needs to be said as Riley’s hand cups her padded crotch feeling it slowly warm up as the girl’s share another knowing look.

The gaming marathon continues until midnight the girls only pausing for dinner and a quick change then resuming their epic quest. Around one a.m. the girls fall asleep exhausted from their exciting day tangled up in each other’s arms. They barely wakeup an hour later as they fill their special undies.

