Fairly OddParents: A Night to Forget

Author: Leviathan95

*000*2023-06-08 17:26

**Story requested by @LifeIsStrange

@@hope you enjoy**

Timmy is an average teen, that no one understands. Chloe’s his new roommate and she ruins all his plans.

Several years after chloe moved in next door to Timmy Turner they decided to be roommates while trying to make it on their own… well mostly on their own. It took a few loopholes, and a three part episode to make it work, but the two of them combined convinced Jorgen Von Strangle to let them keep Cosmo and Wanda well past the normal age. How did they manage that? Well there was actually a new addition to “Da Rulez” that forbids me from telling you, lest every kid with fairies keep them indefinitely. All I can tell you is that it requires the godkids to remain young at heart. Let’s just say there’s never a dull moment in their new apartment.

“There’s no way I’m joining you in your activism this weekend, Chester and AJ are having a housewarming party, and AJ told me he designed their entire house with parties in mind!” Timmy yells across the apartment

“But that just means you’ll be contributing to the problem! You know their house stands where a small forest once stood!” Chloe yells back

“I’d say parties are way better than a few dumb trees!”

“You’re still thinking like a child! You have to think of real world consequences!”

“Of course I’m thinking like a child, I’m legally bound to so we can keep our godparents! It seems like I’m the only one doing that, since you forgot how to have fun!”

Cosmo and Wanda watch from their fishbowl, their attention following whichever is the loudest at the time

“Cosmo, you remembered to make this apartment soundproof, right?” Wanda asks with a worried tone

“Wait, this is why we did that? And here I thought there was a more fun reason for it”

Cosmo responds while thinking of the four of them as a rock band, while Wanda gives him a worried look

“Come on Timmy, activism can be fun too! You just have to give it a chance!” Chloe says, trying to negotiate

“Ya, I’m sure it’s tons of fun hugging a tree for hours while a bunch of guys with heavy machinery yell at and judge you, tell you what I’ll join you next time” Timmy responds

“Really?!” Chloe lights up at the idea

“Of course, as long as it’s the most fun thing for me to do at the time, and what could be more fun than activism?” Timmy asks sarcastically while holding up a video game controller and a bag of chips

“Well fine! I don’t need you, I’ll just go with Cosmo and Wanda! Right guys?” Chloe says while turning to the fishbowl

Cosmo and Wanda share a look before changing into their fairy forms.

“Of course Chloe, we’ll be there to support you… Right Cosmo?” Wanda says with a slightly threatening tone

“Right? I mean Right! We’ll both be supporting you the whole way… in spirit!” Cosmo says shakily

Wanda turns to Cosmo and folds her arms, “Cosmo?”

“Sorry Wanda, Timmy already invited me to Chester and AJ’s party. Do you know how long it’s been since I’ve gone to a real party?” Cosmo asks

Wanda, looking annoyed, turns back to Chloe, “Don’t worry Chloe, I’ll go with you, it’ll probably go a lot better without the boys anyways… knowing them they’d probably end up burning the forest down.”

“Now that you mention it, that’s probably true. Well then you two enjoy your party, Me and Wanda are going to have a great time saving the planet!” Chloe says confidently

“Great, now that that’s settled, can we stop with the yelling, I’d rather not get a headache before the party” Timmy requests

“Ya, the headache is supposed to come after the party… when Wanda yells at us for having too much fun” Cosmo jokes, Wanda glares at him

The rest of the night goes by uneventfully, and the next morning Chloe wakes up bright and early to Wanda acting as an alarm clock. Chloe shuts off the alarm and Wanda changes back to her normal form.

“Morning Wanda! Are you ready to make a difference?” Chloe says excitedly

“Of course, Chloe. I wouldn’t miss it. I’m sure the boys would see us off, but they’re both still asleep, and probably will be for hours, so as long as you’re prepared we can get started” Wanda turns into a coffee pot and pours a cup for Chloe as she gets out of bed

“Thanks Wanda, I’m glad you’re coming with me, as much as I believe in the cause, it would get really lonely doing it by myself”

“I know how you feel, before you came along there were plenty of things I could only do alone, I love those two, but they aren’t the best at branching out and trying new things, I often ended up as the odd one out”

“Well don’t worry Wanda, we’ve got each other, so if they’re too lame to do the things we like, we can still do them, just us girls!”

Wanda smiles at Chloe, “Sounds like a plan, now did you make sure to pack plenty of water?”

“Of course! Snacks too, just because we’re supporting a good cause doesn’t mean we can’t also enjoy other things while we’re there!”

The two girls head out of the apartment and out of town. At the top of a large hill there’s a forest with a lot of heavy machinery set up, no workers have arrived yet so Chloe and Wanda are alone.

“Alright Wanda, first things first, I wish for a treetop platform!”

Wanda raises her wand and it glows brightly before creating a large treetop platform in the closest trees rope ladder extends all the way down to Chloe and she starts climbing up while Wanda floats up beside her, once they arrive at the top Chloe sees a table with two comfy chairs set up and she smiles before putting her backpack down and spreading her snacks and drinks across the table

“It’s perfect Wanda, now we can enjoy and protect nature, without any of the normal discomfort”

Wanda sits in her chair “It even comes with built in bug repellent, nothing is going to ruin our time here”

As Wanda says that a voice calls up from the ground

“Hey, what are you doing up there!”

Chloe peaks over the edge to see a crew of construction workers “I’m keeping you from destroying this forest!”

The construction worker rolls his eyes, “Don’t girls your age like progress? How can we do that without making room?”

Chloe glares down at them “You can’t fool me with claims of being progressive, you’re just looking to destroy something beautiful and replace it with something new!”

“What’s the difference?” The construction worker and his crew all laugh

Chloe shakes her head and sits back in her chair “Well whatever the case you’re not going to destroy this forest, I can stay up here all day!” She takes a drink of water.

One of the construction crew turns to the boss, “What a shame, I guess we’ll have to charge the company for another day of work”

The boss chuckles “Yep, our hands are tied, with her up there we’ll have to wait to do our jobs, if only we weren’t charging by the hour, our rich client would save so much money”

The crew all laugh before setting up some chairs, Chloe watches them with a disappointed look

“They’re not supposed to be happy about it! I’m standing in their way!”

Wanda changes into a squirrel and moves up alongside Chloe, “Don’t worry Chloe, the workers might still be happy, but that rich client will be upset by paying them more for a simple job, that’s the real victory!”

“You’re right Wanda, it’s not the workers that are the problem, it’s the person that hired them!” Chloe sits back in her chair and drinks some more, “I wonder how many days they’ll be willing to pay these guys to do nothing”

Chloe and Wanda chat for a while, eating snacks, and drinking for a couple hours, before Chloe checks her watch “Oh, it should be about time for Timmy and Cosmo to be going to their party, do you think they’ll have as much fun as we will?”

“Knowing those two they might give us a run for our money, but I can definitely say we’ll have fewer regrets”

The two of them laugh and Chloe suddenly feels a pressure in her bladder. “Hey wanda, did you make a bathroom on this platform?”

Wanda gives a worried look “I’m sorry, I didn’t think of that, do you want me to make one now?”

Chloe goes over to the edge and looks down at the construction workers, one of which is set to watch the platform at all times, she sighs, “No, it would be too obvious, they’re watching us, we can’t give you away for this”

“Well, is there anything less obvious I can do for you?

Chloe thinks for a second, “Hmm, I wish I no longer needed to use the bathroom!”

Wanda raises her wand and it starts to light up before going dull and falling limp, “Oh I’m sorry kiddo, it seems like that’s against the rules”

“What? What rule is that breaking?”

The big purple book of “Da Rulez” appears in front of them and Wanda opens it up

“Hmm, it seems they added a new rule about not being able to change how the human body works, something about an elaborate con that prevented the aging process for years, and now we can’t prevent natural processes.”

Chloe holds her bladder and shakes around a bit, “Well then I’ll wish for something else… I wish… for the world’s largest bladder! That way I’ll be able to go much longer without having to pee”

“Great idea Chloe, I can’t stop the process, but we can delay it!” Wanda raises her Wand and it lights up, making Chloe sparkle for a second, “How’s that? Do you feel different?”

“Well I don’t have to pee as much anymore” Chloe presses on her bladder, feeling a noticeable bulge, “I guess a larger bladder would be more noticeable, but no one will be able to see it all the way up here. Now I can drink as much as I want!”

Wanda looks a bit worried “I’d still try to show restraint, it might take longer but you will eventually have to go, and when you do it’ll be that much worse!”

“That’s true, but I’m so thirsty, maybe I shouldn’t have brought so many salty snacks”

Chloe and Wanda go back to talking and Chloe keeps on drinking, after a couple more hour she feels her bladder filling up again, she rests her hands on her bladder, feeling it bulging out, suddenly Chloe’s phone goes off and she reads a text from Timmy

“This party is great, AJ says it’s going straight through to tomorrow, so if you finish with your activism we won’t be back until tomorrow night now”

Wanda reads the message too “Those two, they’d better be partying responsibly, I don’t want to be cleaning up after them when they get back”

Chloe dwells more on the growing discomfort in her bladder, she starts wiggling her legs back and forth to try to take her mind off of it, but it steadily grows worse and worse. Wanda notices her discomfort

“Oh, Chloe, are you going to be alright? If you can wait until the workers go home for the night then we can make a solution for you”

“How much longer until they leave?”

“The sun is going down so I’d say at most an hour”

Chloe sighs and dances around to try to take her mind off of the steadily building pressure, “Wanda, just how big is my bladder now? I feel like I’m holding enough to flood Dimmsdale”

“Well… You might not be far off, it may not seem much larger physically, but keep in mind that magic can cause unpredictable things, it’s possible that the amount in your bladder is being increased at the same time too”

“Wanda! How am I supposed to pee if I could flood the town? Where could it go?”

“Just give it some time Chloe, I can make you a magic bathroom once everyone’s gone”

The sun goes down and they suddenly notice lights in the distance, they can see Chester and AJ’s house, with floodlights pointed into the sky in various bright colors.

Chloe looks impressed “Wow, AJ really did go all out on that place,” Then she looks annoyed “But he still tore down a forest to do it!” she tries to be indignant but with how badly she has to be she struggles to stay composed and ends up holding her crotch to keep from wetting herself. “How much longer are those workers going to be there?”

Wanda goes to the edge of the platform and looks down, seeing the boss on a phone, “Shouldn’t be much longer I think he’s asking his boss if they can go”

Chloe looks relieved “Finally! I can’t hold much longer!”

They suddenly here a very memorable car horn as a white limousine with horns on the front pulls up, and a young man steps out, Chloe looks down in shock “Is that Dale Dimmadome, son of Doug Dimmadome, owner of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome”

The young man looks up at her “The very same! Now I’ve gotta ask what exactly you think you’re doing interrupting my construction crew?”

“I’m stopping them from destroying one of Dimmsdale’s beautiful forests just so they can make another minimall or Dimmsdale Dimmadome.”

“Well then you’re clearly mistaken! This forest is a danger to everyone in Dimmsdale, it has become too dry, and many of the plants are already dead. It's just one wrong move from becoming a raging forest fire, possibly even burn down the whole town! I took it upon myself, using my father’s connections to solve that problem, and in the process, make this area better”

“Better how exactly?” Chloe looks skeptical

“By building Dale Dimmadome’s Dimmsdale wildlife sanctuary and zoo, we’ll recreate a safe ecosystem for the animals to live in, with viewing area for people to watch, and stores for people to spend money, nature gets to survive and I get a return on my investment”

“That’s still financially motivated! … But at least it’s not as bad as I was worried about, I guess that means I can come down and let you start work again tomorrow” Chloe says with relief

“Um Chloe…” Wanda tugs at Chloe’s clothes and points off in the distance, where once was light from chester and AJ’s party there was now only the light of fire from their house heading up towards the forest

“OH NO! The forest is going to burn, and it could take the whole town with it!” Chloe starts to panic before doubling over in pain from all the pressure in her bladder

“Chloe! Quickly, wish away the fire! It might be a little obvious but there’s more at stake here!” Wanda says in a bit of a panic

Chloe gets up and starts to say “I wish…”

“Chloe?!” Wanda looks at her worried

@@“I have an idea, it will solve both our problems and no one will know you were involved… but I can’t believe i’m going to do this” Chloe tosses the rope ladder down and quickly climbs to the ground and runs to the side of the hill where the fire is approaching. She looks around at Wanda, then the construction crew and Dale Dimmadome, before she pulls her pants and underwear down and starts peeing at the edge of the hill. It starts off as a small stream, but steadily starts to build up before it becomes a large river, Chloe lets out a long moan of relief as she finally lets go of all the pressure in her bladder, for several minutes she forget there are people watching her and just lets it all go, the stream now contributing to the river flowing down the hill. The fire approaches quickly but is doused by all of the pee. The river flows over all of the fire putting it out and saving everyone at the bottom of the hill, When Chloe finally finishes peeing her legs are so sore, and she is so tired that she just falls forward onto the ground without even pulling up her pants, she breathes heavily and hold her bladder, left only with the soreness of having held it for too long.

Wanda scurries over to Chloe, still in Squirrel form “Hey, uh Chloe, good work and all, but you may want to pull up your pants”

Chloe regains her senses and looks around at all the people again, she quickly pulls her pants up and nervously laughs before running off. Wanda follows after her., once they’re away from the crowd they stop, but before Chloe can say anything there’s a poof and Timmy and Cosmo appear

“Chloe, was that you at the top of the hill?” Timmy asks

“Wanda, I wish everyone would forget what happened today!” Chloe says in a panic

“On it Chloe!” Wanda raises her wand but it fails and falls limp again, but this time instead of “Da Rulez” appearing a small explosion is heard and Jorgan Von Strangle appears

“WHAT EXACTLY DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING CHLOE?!”

“Jorgan Please! I need everyone to forget what happened today” Chloe begs

“I HAVE HAD ENOUGH WITH GODKIDS PLAYING WITH PEOPLE MEMORIES, YOU WILL HAVE TO LIVE WITH THE… WHAT IS THAT SMELL?”

Timmy chimes in “Smoke and urine”

Jorgan looks at Chloe with disgust, “VERY WELL, THIS ONE TIME I WILL ALLOW IT, BUT NEVER AGAIN, AND PLEASE REFRAIN FROM USING URINE TO PUT OUT FIRES, THAT’S JUST GROSS”

Another Explosion sounds and Jorgan is gone

Wanda looks to Chloe “You want everyone to forget?”

Chloe looks at Timmy “Yes, I wish everyone would forget what happened today”

Wanda raises her wand and everything poofs. When the smoke fades everyone wakes up the next day, Timmy shoots out of bed. “What day is it?!”

Wanda floats over to him “It’s sunday, why do you ask?”

“Cosmo, what happened at the party last night?”

Cosmo floats up scratching his head “I don’t remember, I guess that means the party was great!”

Wanda rolls her eyes “Didn’t I warn you two not to do anything stupid”

“Oh no Timmy, Run, the headache is coming!” Cosmo raises his wand and he and Timmy disappear

Chloe walks over and Wanda smiles at her “There that should keep those two occupied for a while”

Chloe smiles back “Where do you think they went?”

“Knowing those two, they’ll be in Alaska for a couple hours, but at least we know the wish worked and they don’t remember”

“Ya, although now we’ll never know if it was them that started the fire, and even if it was, we can’t hold them responsible, as far as everyone knows there never was a fire”

“That’s true, I guess we can let them off the hook this one time, and we can all put this weekend behind us”

Chloe thinks for a second “Ya, speaking of which can I wish for us to forget yesterday as well”

“You want to forget it too?”

“Ya, I’m starting to think Timmy was right, at least in this situation, that was not fun, I wish we would forget yesterday”

Wanda raises her Wand and everything poofs away

The End

