Like her mother before her

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-12-17 03:43

Lesbian bladder control! New for me, even. I really enjoy organic desperation, so I dont write a lot of intentional desperation. Here we are, though, and I think I have a fun idea!

###

Lillie fell onto Moon, pinning her arms behind her and locking their lips in a wonderful kiss. She broke away to take a breath, a strand of spit connecting their mouths. Moon had to admit, she was glad Lillie was taking charge tonight. The "x factor" as Lillie had called it, seemed to be taking full effect now as well. Moon felt a pain in her bladder, causing her to whimper with excitement.

"What's wrong, my good girl?" Lillie poked her belly, causing Moon to press her legs together. Moon's mind almost went blank at "good girl". She silently cursed herself for being so susceptible to praise.

"Nothing, master~" Moon fought back, causing a sadistic smile to creep across Lillie's face. It reminded her of Lusamine in a way. Moon wondered if Lusamine had used a relief like this to get some of her more controlling tendencies under -well- control, she wouldn't have turned out the way she did. Moon fidgeted once more.

"It seems you aren't being very obedient. If you want my praise, you will have to be honest. Now, tell me what's wrong." Lillie whispered in Moon's ear. She began to make it nearly impossible for Moon to answer by kissing her all over her chest and tits. The best Moon could manage was whimpers and moans. "Use your words."

"P-pee~ I have to pee, master." Moon confided as Lillie let up on her kisses. Moon hoped she made it clear with her body language how bad she needed to go. She had been following a method of training her bladder for the entire day, and now it was in an incredibly weakened state. Before too long, it would be too much to bare.

"Well, that won't do." Lillie frowned, failing to hide her excitement. "Good girls don't wet the bed, you know. I order you to hold it." Despite her usual timidity, Lillie loved being in this position of power. Moon could've sworn she had hearts for pupils as she stared into the lustful eyes of the blonde girl above her. "Now, where were we?"

Moon moaned even more as Lillie's kisses descended down her body. When she got to Moon's thigh, she began to shake in desperate anticipation. She wanted nothing more than to give herself fully to Lillie. To fulfill all of her sick desires. She would gladly do all of that for her and more. Moon loved Lillie more than she had ever loved anyone. "I love you~" Moon moaned.

"I know, you sweet little thing." Lillie's kind demeanor slipped through the powerful persona for a second, assuring Moon that if it started to become too much, she was there. Lillie made circles around Moon's clitoris with her finger, closely examining her reaction. She shook and whimpered even more.

After a bit of teasing, Lillie stuck two of her fingers into Moon's vagina and started rapidly extracting and reinserting them. Her tongue took up the position that her hand had been previously. Moon moaned as a spurt of warm liquid shot onto Lillie's hand. From Moon's expression, Lillie could tell that what she just got on her hand was, in fact, pee.

"Bad girl. I told you to hold it." Lillie sternly ordered as she withdrew her fingers. Moon looked outright distraught. Lillie mouthed their safeword at her, reminding her that they could stop at any time. Moon simply shook her head as horniness overtook her features once more, grinding on Lillie's leg. Lillie returned to fucking the girl senseless.

After about five minutes, the urge to pee was starting to become unbearable. She was sure she was leaking, but Lillie either didn't notice or didn't want to hurt her feelings by demeaning her. After a few more thrusts, Lillie moved her tongue in between her flaps. Moon shuddered at the new stimulation, as Lillie accidentally pressed slightly on her bladder.

"N-No~" Moon pleaded to herself as she began to feel the deepest relief she had ever felt. She looked in horror as her stream hit Lillie's face. Lillie quickly withdrew, but swiftly returned her fingers to Moon's insides. Moon felt like she was on the cusp of the most earth-shattering orgasm she would ever experience in her life. As her urethra fully gave up holding it in, and her legs began shaking uncontrollably, a mix of pee and sex sprayed Lillie. Lillie was clearly enjoying it, Despite the look of disappointment on her face. Moon managed to stifle the stream, but it still hurt like hell.

"I thought I told you to hold it." Lillie climbed over the overwhelmed girl, a look of sadistic lust on her face. Moon didn't know what it was. Maybe it was the position Lillie had put her in, maybe it was the intense pain coming from her nethers, but tears began to flow down her face.

"P-pecharunt!" Moon managed between deep breaths. Lillie's controlling demeanor instantly dropped, sitting Moon up and pulling her into a deep hug. "I'm sorry-"

"Shh, Moon, don't apologize. I wouldn't want to continue anyway if you were uncomfy." Lillie comforted her girlfriend. Moon let herself breathe fully. "You're safe, ok? I will never hurt you. It's going to be alright. Do you still have to pee?"

"Y-yeah. It hurts-" Moon shakily whispered. Lillie put her arm around Moon's shoulder, supporting her. Lillie led her to the bathroom. Moon sat on the toilet, thankful for the immense relief that came with it. "Thank you. I'm really sorry I ruined-"

"You didn't ruin anything. For what it's worth, you held it for really long. You did great, I went overboard." Lillie firmly told Moon, placing a hand on her shoulder. "If anything, I should be sorry. We talked a lot about my boundaries, but never about yours. I should've thought of that before starting this."

"I- Thank you... I think I'm done for the night. Let's talk about it before next time." Moon sighed.

"We definitely will! Will cuddles make you feel better?" Lillie asked. Moon smiled.

"Definitely!" Moon wiped herself and followed Lillie back into the room. She collapsed on the bed as Lillie cleaned up the floor they were on. After a while, Lillie climbed in next to her. "I love you."

"I love you too."

###

Hi yall, me again. I tried to keep as much omo in here as possible, but I also wanted to specify something. Not every session (if you're lucky enough to meet someone else who is into this, or just bdsm in general.) Is going to go perfectly, or even well. It's very important to set up boundaries and a safeword or two to prevent feeling terrible while doing something you are supposed to enjoy. Hope yall have a great day!

