A fishy situation

Author: Lakur

*000*2018-06-09 16:40

Fsssshhhh...

A loud sizzle filled emerged from the makeshift grill as Boltan placed the two large trouts on the scorching hot rocks he placed in the middle of their campfire. Yes, indeed the term grill was probably a very generous interpretation here...but as long it got the job done.

The boy gazed up into the sky, which already took on a deeply pink hue...the sun was about to set behind the mountains in the distance and soon all the light they had would come from the fire they made.

"Smells good already, eh? Gerald?"

He looked over his shoulder, back at him partner, who was still busy with-

"Oh god, really? You're still polishing this thing? It's a bow, dude. For hunting! It gets a bit dirty and some scratches on it, thats normal. Then you just buy a new one in town. Simple. Stop treating it like some kind of treasure..."

Seriously. Some people just had nothing better to do with their lifes...

"You should treat all your tools and weapons with respect. They also last much longer if properly maintained...it's one of the first things we lea-"

"Oh shut up about that already. Really, I'm glad that all that learning and all the so-called lessons will finally have an end tomorrow. So don't lecture me on the last evening of our trial."

Boltan rolled his eyes and let out a soft sigh. Having Gerald assigned as his partner for this was both a gift and a curse – a gift when it came to reading tracks and identifying rare plants.

And a curse in...pretty much any other area.

"We will be knights tomorrow. Defending the kingdom from all it's enemies. Fighting for fame and glory..."

"A true knight wouldn´t steal someone elses fish-"

Oh no! Not this again! Boltan cut his partner off with a growl.

"For the last time. We found them. There was no one else there. If they belonged to some kind of fisherman, well then why would he leave them on a rock next to the lake, completely unguarded? If not us, then some wild animals would've eaten those fish. And it´s not stealing if there is no rightful owner! Just be happy we got ourselves a decent dinner today...one that doesn't consist of random herbs and berries..."

It looked like Gerald wanted to let out another dose of his ridiculous morals for a moment, but then decided to keep it to himself.

Rightfully so as well. It was a mystery to him, how someone so weak even wanted to become a knight. His swordplay was mediocre at best and during sparring matches Gerald regulary lost against much younger recruits...even some who only just joined the royal army as well.

And if that wasn't shameful enough, Boltan still remembered how Gerald literally wet himself at the sight of a goblin during their first week of training. A freaking goblin!

It seemed that the bow was the only weapon his partner actually knew how to use.

But – what kind of knight used a bow? A weapon for cowards, too scared to go face-to-face with an enemy like a true man would do.

Unfortunately he couldn't say any of these things to Gerald – as much as he wanted to, but Boltan knew he was already on rather thin ice for moking his fellow recruits and comrades at any opportunity. If he didn´t want to be kicked out of the royal army, he had to keep his thoughts to himself...

*002*2018-06-16 15:12

By now, the smell of the grilled fish was slowly getting to Gerald as well.

As much as the boy didn't want to admit it, their stolen meal clearly smelled delicious...

And he was hungry!

Hungry for something other than "random herbs and berries" as his partner described it.

He looked down at the bow in his hands, realizing that if he kept polishing the wood like that, there wouldn't be anything left of his favorite weapon.

Admitted, he only really did this to keep himself busy and stop his mind from wondering too much about all the questionable choices they made so far.

Like stealing these fish. Or how they planned on passing that final trial of knighthood...

Well...technically it's Boltan who made those decisions...so I'm not really responsible here...

But of course that wasn't true, was it?

By going along with his partners choices, he was just as guilty as Boltan...

And that meant-

"Hey, Gloom-Boy. You want your fish now or not? Cause if you don't, I'm gonna eat it..."

Unnoticed by Gerald, the other boy already removed the now very crispy trout from their grill and just about ready to start eating.

"Wha- Of course I want it! Don´t even touch it, I'm hungry!"

In the end, the hunger was still stronger than his moral doubts. It wasn't right, but letting Boltan eat his share wouldn't make it any more right.

"Also, really? Gloom-Boy? Thats the best you can do?"

"Well, you always look so gloomy. Really, ALL the time. Something is always bothering you and then you're moping about it for hours!

As a knight, you can´t do that. You need to be able to make quick choices and do whatever is required to survive. There is no room for regrets!"

Nervously he wiped some sweat from his forehead – Boltan had a point there, at least partially.

It was no secret to Gerald, that he often hesitated for too long, putting too much thought into everything he did.

If he would be the one making decisions, he wouldn't have his mouth full of delicious soft meat right now...

"Mmmmh, it's good..."

...Gerald couldn´t help it. Against his normally reserved nature, he had to compliment Boltans cooking.

Even though, roasting some fish on a fire wasn´t exactly difficult.

"Where you got the salt from? Didn't knew you carry something like that around..."

And not just salt – Boltan seemingly put all kind of spices on the fishs crispy skin.

Wait, this seems odd...

All of the sudden, Gerald stopped chewing and stared at his so-called partner instead.

"Shtop for a momesh...wheere shou gesh...waish...wha.."

It weren´t just his words which turned into a blur. Everything started to feel slow and heavy...his head.

"Bolshan-"

It was too late, he already swallowed the first few bites. Whatever it was, it was already working.

And the last thing he saw before passing out was – of course – Boltans devious smile.

Why?

...

"Sweet dreams, idiot! Thanks for making it so easy for me. Guess only one of us will be a knight..."

*004*2018-06-16 18:44

Hey, thanks^^

*006*2018-06-17 11:46

".....ughh..."

Gerald hadn't even opened his eyes yet – and everything was spinning. In his head at least.

What...happened...?

The last time he felt that way was after that keg of beer one of the other recruits smuggles into the camp, many month ago.

It was one of the few times he acted without thinking.

So basically like Boltan.

Right, Boltan...I still can't believe it.

So, at least his memories were still intact - good. And appearantly he was still alive – even better.

Unfortunately, this was it about the good news, on the not-so-bright side however...

Well, first of all, his partner betrayed him.

Why? A mystery he couldn't hope to solve right now.

Second...

...

Gerald could feel the heat flushing up on his cheeks – he felt a cold wetness around his crotch.

Did he...no, please...not this...did he really?

The boy opened his eyes to confirm his suspicion...he wasn't prepared however, for what he saw next.

"Well, well...finally awake?"

There was a girl. A naked girl, sitting on a rock next to the glowing remains of their campfire, staring at him with a less than happy expression.

"Who...what...?!"

Despite his still spinning head, Gerald was quick to jump on his feet and stumble a few steps backwards before crashing into a tree and – through a miracle – not smash his own skull as he fell back on the ground.

"Oh no, don't kill yourself just yet, not until I'm done with you, you fish-tief!"

Geralds head nearly exploded from all the questions his mind came up with at each second.

"Ouch...shit...."

His entire body was aching from the fall – even without looking he could tell that the scraped his back at the trees bark, and something warm was slowly running down there now.

At least until he felt a cold touch right next to the wound and something being wrapped around his body.

"Tzzch...humans. If they don't hurt each other, they hurt themselves. Now hold still, those vines will keep the bandage in place."

Again that girls voice.

Gerald carefully opened his eyes again – however he couldn't see her.

"Wait, where..."

"I'm behind you, stupid. Don't turn around though, I'm not going to make another bandage if this one falls off..."

"Umm...thank you?!"

Gerald was still blushing, not quite sure what to say next – after all, there were literally hundreds of questions he wanted to ask...

Like-

"The name is Tera. And if you didn't realize it before, I'm here because you and your...friend...stole my fish. Normally I would just steal some of your food in return and call it even, but you don't seem to have anything edible with you. In fact, you don't carry anything with you at all!

It was only after the girl – Tera – mentioned it to him, that Gerald actually realized the the absence of all his posessions.

His bow was gone, his coinpurse, the bag with the map, knife and all his other equipment...

....

Oh no, NO! This really can't get any worse!

...

ALL his other equipment indeed – including his tunic, boots, all his clothes...except his undergarments.

Soaked undergarments.

So there he was, lost in the wilderness in the middle of night, injured and betrayed by whom he thought was his partner and comrade, who also took all his belongings.

And to add insult to injury, he even pissed himself in his sleep. Sure – it was probably due to whatever kind of drug Boltan put in his fish, but this didn't make it any less akward.

...especially with that girl around, who clearly didn't like him but treated his injuries nontheless.

Did he forget anything? Why not add some more humiliation to this mess...?

"Oh, I suggest you remove those stupid clothes down there as well. They're wet anyway, so it'll only drain heat from your body. As far I know, you humans aren't too good with being cold or wet..."

I feel like someone out there has a very sick sense of humor...

But...the worst part was – that strange girl, Tera – she wasn´t exactly wrong. He was cold and the pee-soaked fabric wasn´t helping.

Still...

"I...I c-can't do t-that...n-not in front of so-someone else...it's i-indecent to just walk around n-naked..."

"Pfff, Humans..."

The girl walked back in front of him, right into his view, standing there with a smug expression on her face.

"Got a problem with how I look then? Is this indecent as well? Well...?"

Look away, LOOK AWAY!!!

It was the first thing coming to his mind – but instead he forced himself to keep looking at her.

Something, just a faint hunch told him she wouldn't take it too well if he...turned his eyes away.

She has...blue skin...? And...fins on her arms and legs – is she a fish or something?

But apart from that, her body looked quite human – only, well, naked.

Did she always walk around like that? It didn't seem to bother her...

Her breasts are really cute...

What...? Where did that come from?

Gerald blushed – even more – his entire face probably looked like a tomatoe now.

Well at least it matched his stupid curly red hair then. He hated his hair. People were always making fun of that...

"You look...nice..."

A very sarcastic eyeroll ensued.

"Yes, sure. Whatever you say. Now take off these...paints or whatever you humans call that. Then you can start your fire again, it'll keep you warm. I mean, you can do that, right?"

He didn't dare to protest. While Tera was still shorter than him, her personality was way more confident than his.

"O-okay...I do it..."

As long I don't die from embarassement first, that is.

Gerald closed his eyes, holding his breath...

...can't believe I'm actually doing this...

...and slowly slid down his cold and soggy undergarments.

Can I die now, plase?

*008*2018-06-19 15:19

"Good, now restart the fire, you need to warm up quick. Don't want to deal with a case of hypothermia as well..."

Tera sighed a little – from both, annoyance but also a certain degree of genuine concern for the boy.

He was a human, yes...but he didn't seem like a bad person so far.

Of course – she could be wrong. Her father warned her about the human tendency to lie, cheat and betray at any opportunity...she had to be careful.

Still...without any weapons, armor or those advanced tools of his species, it was hard to see him as a threat.

Especially now, that he was naked.

Her eyes wandered down on his body...between his legs....

"Cute..."

Judging by his facial expression though, he didn't really enjoy her compliment.

However, there was no protest, only a pout on his lips as he gathered some dry leaves, branches and some larger pieces of wood nearby, neatly stacking the materials into several layers on top of the remaining glow.

And indeed – within only a few moments, the leaves started to catch fire, sparking new flames which soon spread to the branches and finally the larger pieces of wood.

That's the secret of making fire? No...there has to be something else...

After all, it was something she never managed to figure out, despite many, many attempts to learn.

Not that she really needed fire to survive.

Tera was just fine eating raw fish, fruit and herbs.

Still – grilling or cooking food still made it tastier, even to her.

A rare luxury though, without the ability to ability to harness the power of fire herself.

"There. Done...and...now...?"

The boy looked at her with slight confusion on his face...also, still a massive blush because of the circumstances.

"Just sit down. You need to warm up...."

"Yes, but why? Why are you helping me?! I thought you're mad at me because of...well...the fish...?

...even more confused now...

"I am...or rather...I was..."

She let out another, longer sigh – just great, this wasn't really something she wanted to admit.

"But...I guess you already suffered enough. I mean, you look about as dangerous as a goblin. Without your fancy equipment, you humans aren't really much at all..."

Again her eyes wandered down between his legs, which the boy quickly noticed and tried to cover his private area.

"P-please...c-can you stop staring there? I-I mean...I'm also not looking at your...stuff...."

Was it weird that she...wanted to just hug him now? Why he had to be so cute?

"I already told you, I don't care if you look. Feel free to do so, it's my body after all, there's nothing wrong with it!"

Just to prove her point, she even shifted into a more...revealing position...

"But to get back on the topic of the fish...I may forgive you, but I still need to teach a lesson to your...well...friend. I know there were two of you...I could see you from underwater.

So, where is he?"

*010*2018-06-19 16:43

I'm sure he has a secret plan and all...

*012*2018-06-24 19:55

There was just something about Teras question – well, her wording actually, which set off something else inside Gerald. An new and refreshingly sinister feeling...

"Heh. Yeah, sure. My friend..."

The boy let out a small, sarcastic chuckle. Some friend Boltan was, that for sure.

"Well, I hope he ran off a cliff or into a cave full of hungry Shadowbeasts..."

Not that this would make any sense – it was common knowledge that Shadowbeasts were loners and only seeked each others presence for mating.

So the closest thing he could hope for was Boltan interrupting a couple of them during...intercourse.

A funny thing to imagine, albeit unlikely...

"Oh..."

There was a short pause on Teras side, with the strange girl seemingly pondering about what which words to chose.

"So...you don't know where he is. But it seems like I'm not alone with my desire to teach him a lesson..."

Gerald blused softly as she smiled at him. She really was cute...if not angry.

"Maybe...we can work together? We share a common goal..."

While seeking revenge wasn't very knightly – tricking and robbing ones comrades was even less chivalrous.

Plus, at this point Gerald didn't even care so much about becoming a knight anymore – he only wanted to prevent Boltan from reaching that goal.

"I still have no idea where to find him. I don't even know for how long I was unconscious...only that it was still evening when Boltan tricked me with that fish..."

"Tricked you? Why don't you tell me the whole story? Like...everything. Why you're here, what were you doing...I agree, we should work together, but first I want to know your motives..."

The girl – well, whatever she actually was - moved closer to him, still smiling.

But there was also a questioning look in her eyes...

"Right, right...so...where do I start...well...what do you even know about humans...?"

In fact, that was probably the most important question first – the way she talked, there was no doubt that she was another species. But which?

While she's a bit smaller than me, she is still too big for a dwarf...

And of course dwarfes didn't had blue skin and fins...

And too small for an elf either...

Not that these had blue skin either...

A dem-

....

Yes, she certainly looked like a demon. Gerald rolled his eyes about the stupidity of his own thoughts.

"Ah, forget it. I'll just begin and you simply ask if something confuses you, okay?"

A nod.

"Okay, so it started with~"

It felt a little strange, talking about his own story so much – but once he got used to it, things were easier than he thought.

Their trials...the mission they had...how Boltan consantly came up with plans on how to trick and cheat on their trial...their argument about the fish...and of course, the betrayal...

He told her everything. As requested.

And the more he told her, the better he felt.

It was so good to have someone listening to him, someone he could share-

"Geez, thats quite a long story. But I think I get the point: your so-called partner is a no-good cheater. And he deserves more than just a punishment for stealing fish...much more."

"Umm...can I ask you something as well...? Tera...?"

Hopefully he wasn't too nosy here...

"What are you anyway? I mean...you're not human, right? I still don't understand who you truly are and...why you're alone outside in the forest at night..."

Not to mention – naked!

"What I am?!"

Gerald flinched, as for a moment he feared that he made her angry by asking such a question, however...

"You don't know? I thought you humans have these dooks about almost anything..."

"Uh...you mean...a book? Well, maybe we do...and I just haven't read it. I'm only sixteen, you can't expect me know every book in existance..."

"Oh please, how many books can there be...?"

The fish-girl rolled her eyes a little.

She then moved a little closer, staring at his face...literally only centimetres away.

"Also, are you sure you're sixteen...? You look...older..."

If he had any doubts left about how out-of-touch with human society Tera could be, they were finally wiped away by her last comment.

How many books...really? She's like-

"Wait, wait...did you say older?"

His thoughts were interrupted again – so far people only ever expected him to be younger – thanks to his freckles and wild, curly hair...he didn't really look like sixteen.

Boltan, who was two years younger actually looked older than him – which didn't exactly helped Geralds self-esteem.

"Yes, older...don't get me wrong but sixteen is way off. You look like...almost two hundred!"

If it weren't for the completely confused look on her face – like the girl was actually thinking about it very seriously – Gerald would've been convinced that she only wanted to mess with him.

"You...y-you're talking...no, we are talking about the same thing here, m-my age, yes?"

Another nod.

"Yes, sure...why...?"

"Uh...and you calculate that in...years?"

Cue to her raising an eyebrow:

"What's a year? I thought you meant in moons..."

So there was her error. But, considering how little she knew about...anything, he wasn't surprised anymore.

"A year is...umm...you know what winter is? When it gets cold? And snow falls?"

"Pffft. You could've told me sooner that you're talking about winters..."

Yet another eye-roll.

"Okay, I admit in that case...hmm, okay sixteen could be true, though I would've guessed like fourteen or so.."

So much about my self-esteem...

The blush re-appeared on his face as he heard her brutally honest but unwanted opinion.

"If you...say so. By the way, you still haven´t told me what you are..."

After all this, at least she owed him that answer...

"Fine, if you want to know...I'm a water nymph. And I'm pretty much just passing through these woods, like you...and your former partner."

"Y-you...are..."

Well, appearantly he could still be surprised. But who wouldn't be...when face-to-face with a species most people believed to be nothing more than a myth?!

However, thinking about it a little more horoughly...it made sense – an aquatic species...which would explain the fins and what looked like gills on her throat.

Also her cluelessness when it came to human society. One of those very few things mentioned in tales and legends was the nymphes tendency to stay away from civilization and hide themselves in the depts or rivers, laked and the open sea...

"D-does that mean you have all those magical abilities? Like, there are tales that your blood has incredible healing powers, able to cure nearly any disease and neutralize any poison..."

She gave him a long, disapproving stare. Maybe he shouldn´t have said that...?

"What utter nonsense! Is that really what you humans believe about us? Sorry, but...healing power in our blood, that doesn't even make sense..."

"Sorry, I just...well...it is really just a story...one of many myth which are the result of too much speculation..."

At least she didn't seem to be really mad.

"It's our urine which has the healing power..."

"...Oh...."

*014*2018-07-05 23:29

He...he better not...

Gerald could feel the blood rushing to his head again...and not just there.

No, he really didn't want to imagine that in his mind.

What that girl, Tera...just told him.

It already sounded wrong...on so many levels.

How does this even work? Her urine has...no, NO – don't think about it!

"I can show you if you want...after all, you are injured..."

...

Oh no. He did not just hear that.

The flustered boy buried his face even deeper between his hands.

Why couldn't he be somewhere else right now? Why he had to-

Hold on, what if she's really going to do that? Like...peeing on me or something...?

The sheer thought made him feel uncomfortable...yet...

I said no!

...yet also a little...curious?

"Uhh...okay. So this excites you so much then? I had no idea..."

There was a small chuckle coming from her direction which sounded...alarmingly amused.

"W-what...?"

He raised his head a little, looking at her with completely mortified eyes.

She was now...standing, right in front of him, causing Gerald to immediately turn his head away.

Yes, she told him he could look but...but it still felt so...

...wrong...

...or perhaps weird was a better word. He hadn't met many girls in his life so far – human girls even. And he certainly had never met one who would show him her body so...nonchalantly.

Obviously thats just because she isn't human..so-

He stopped mid-thought. Because as glanced down on his own, naked self, Gerald realized just how excited his lower half was.

....

"I...."

No. He couldn't even bring a single word out at this point. It seemed like this night was meant for him to discover a whole new dimension of embarassement around every corner.

"You...really have a problem with your own body, hmm?"

Teras voice was close this time. He didn't dare to look but from the sound of it, she was whispering right into his ear.

"N...not a problem...j-just...I'm not used to being naked. Or...seeing other people naked..."

A sigh.

"I already told you. There is nothing to be ashamed of, human. And no – not even that!"

He felt a small poke against his erection.

Oh god why? Why are you doing this?

...it did feel...good though. Like so many things he didn't want to admit...

"Can you p-please...stop...?"

What was she even thinking? Was Tera trying to...seduce him?

Or was this all just a hilarious game to her?

"Fine...I'll stop..."

Her voice seemed a little disappointed for a moment, before she put her usual, cheery tone back on:

"So, you still haven't decided whether you want a demonstration of my healing power or not...trust me, it will work much better than the bandage..."

"L-let me get this straight...you will..."

....even saying these words took him all his courage...

"...u-urinate on my wound and....it will...h-heal...?"

Tera shook her head.

"No...I mean....yes, I could do that too. But the healing effect is much more effective and lasts longer if you drink it. Like medicine...you humans use medicine, I know that for sure. And potions. Think of it as a potion...maybe that helps...?"

Whatever. He wasn't even surprised this time. Not really...

I guess that makes sense too...but...

Something inside him had just given up. Like he finally reached a point where his mind was no longer capable of questioning what he was hearing...and simply accepting the facts as they were.

"You mean I'll...just...d-drink from your...p-place there?"

"Now, now...you're getting a bit cheeky, hmm?"

Not that she was mad at all. It was just unexpected, after all his blushing and squirming about merely being naked.

"Actually I planned on using a bowl for you to drink from. But I mean, if you want to drink straight from the source, go ahead..."

"No, no, no, no...I mean...a bowl is just fine, I was just....ehh...n-nevermind..."

How could he even suggest such a thing...without thinking?! Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to discard his...human thinking after all...

...

But...when will I ever...get a chance like this to...

Yes, what even?

...try...things...

...

He...was really going to do that, wasn't he? Gerald could feel the throbbing down between his legs...splendid, he was being controlled by his own desires now.

"O-on second thought...I...think I'll drink right from you after all...if...this is okay..."

"Already told you, it's fine...just don't bite me down there or so. This part of me is quite sensitive...much like your penis. So just place your lips there and drink it...carefully..."

*016*2018-07-07 15:01

What am I doing here? What am I doing here? WHAT AM I DOING HERE?!?

It was the same thought that repeated itself over and over again as he watched Tera walk up to him, spreading her legs just a little bit, so he could see the small pink slit in the middle.

Funny actually how her skin was still pink there while it had a shade of bright, icy blue everywhere else...

"Now just kneel down a little...yes, thats better...and...imagine you're drinking from a bottle or so..."

Gerald nodded slowly, going on his knees and...

...I can even smell...it...now...

A little sweaty...salty...well, at least this was the comparison he could make.

Well, at the very least it didn't smell bad...

He decided to close his eyes, moving his mouth closer...closer...

Until he felt her skin, her lower lips on his own.

Her scent was much more intense now...

"Alright, ready then...?"

He nodded – just slightly, not daring to move his head too much.

And moments later he felt it: warm liquid, gushing out from her vagina and right into his mouth.

....

He wasn't even sure what he expected. Like...it wasn't like he knew what urine tasted like. How would he?

But...perhaps bitter? Or just...nasty...?

...

Only it wasn't. To his surprise, it was almost tasteless...merely a little salty. Otherwise...pretty much like water.

Warm water.

He could simply swallow it without gagging, then feel the warmth inside him...

...

What...what is happening?

It was hard to describe...almost impossible.

The closest thing would be a strange, fuzzy and secure feeling overwhealmed him – body and mind together.

Before, he still felt slightly cold, despite the fire...and the flesh wound on his back, while not too painful, had clearly still been there. He felt tired, exhausted, anxious and confused mere moments ago.

But it was all gone...all pain, all discomfort.

Instead he felt reinvigorated, stronger and full of energy and confidence.

This...is incredible! What an amazing power...

"Seems like it's working, huh?"

The nymph smirked and let out another chuckle.

"And, feel better yet?"

This time his nod was much stronger. He hadn't felt this good in a long time. At this moment, everything felt possible.

For example...teasing her!

Gerald began actively licking her lower lips, even thrusting his tongue inside her narrow crevice.

It was so soft...squishy...

She couldn't help but moan. He was getting bold, wasn't he?

"H-hoold on..."

While a large part of her wanted him to carry on – thrust even deeper inside her, support the boys newfound confidence – this wasn't the right moment!

"...l-lets stop this for now...okay? I...really appreciate it, but we have other things to do first, hmm? Like...finding a certain someone?"

She was right! Gerald simply nodded again, slowly pulling away from her crotch. The stream had stopped – but there were still a few drips of urine hanging from her labia...too cute, too seductive to resist.

The boy went back one more time, gently licking it all clean....leading to another, adorable moan from Tera.

"There you go. All clean~"

"...I...should smack you. But...thanks..."

He jumped back on his feet, beaming with energy. Ready for the hunt.

And he even knew where how to start.

"Can you...help me up that tree there?"

Gerald pointed towards a nearby beech tree, which lower branches were just a little bit too high up for him to reach.

"Perhaps I can see the smoke of another campfire from the top of that tree...which could be Boltan..."

"Ohh, clever! Now I like this side of you much more..."

She hurried over to the boy, wrapping her arms around his hips...inevitably causing her to touch his still hard penis.

Oh well, if he complains this is just payback then...

"And...up!"

His normal self probably would've let out another protest upon feeling her hands on his member.

But he was in way too good of a mood to let it bother him.

The only surprise was how she lifted him in the air like a feather. It didn't seem to take much effort at all.

"Thanks..."

Gerald grabbed the branch above his head with both his hands, pulling himself up there with...surprisingly low effort as well.

Was that another effect of simply drinking Teras pee? Did it give him increased streangth...?

Amazing...

The rest of the climb was even easier – the branches further up on the tree were closer together and easy to reach.

Almost too easy...

"You're doing okay up there? Tell me if you need help, alright?"

Was she worried about him? Now was that cute or akward...?

"I'm fine, no worries..."

Gerald soon reached the top of the tree.

Well, not really the top, just as far up he could safely climb. It was still a good view from up there, just as he hoped.

Above him was only the nightly sky and in the distance...nothing but trees.

In all directions...

Strange...I should still be able to see the Frostweave Mountains from here...or did we wander that far already?

However, there was nothing. Only forest...

A little odd maybe...

Much more unfortunate however, was the complete absence of smoke anywhere on the horizon.

It even was a clear night, not a cloud up there on the sky...so even the tiniest plume should be possible.

Dissapointing...but nothing could be done about it.

"I'm coming back down, okay?"

*017*2018-07-07 15:15

I feel like I should mention...I'm not used to writing sexy/lewd scenes...so...if the latest part is even more akward then usual, I...apologize^^"

*020*2018-07-08 11:38

{{8 hours ago, JLH99 said:

Normally I'm not into things like that, but you wrote it well enough to enjoy.

}}

Glad to know^^ thanks

*022*2018-07-29 22:19

"I got nothing....sorry..."

Gerald cursed his own lack of imagination – but there was just nothing coming to mind.

No trace of Boltan, no clues, nothing!

The good mood he had before had faded over the past...maybe an hour? It was still night, so hard to tell...

Fortunately he wasn't alone, he had Tera on his side. Normally he wouldn't trust someone whom he only met...also not very long ago.

But the girl was trustworthy...weird maybe, but trustworthy.

Plus, if he had to choose between lost in the wild, robbed of all his belongings and alone – or lost, robbed but at least some company, the latter was definitely the better choice. Always!

"Maybe...it would be better if we both catch a bit of sleep? We won't get far in the dark anyway...and a new day could bring new opportunities..."

Plus, she was pretty tired. Not yet about to pass out...but this had been a long night for her as well.

She has a point...

However, it would also give Boltan – wherever he was – time to get even further away.

Every minute that passed made it less and less likely to even find that traitor...

Still...

"I guess...we could do that..."

...as Tera said herself, trying to find him during the night, with no idea where to go was...pointless.

"In that case, I better throw some more logs in the fire...to keep warm during the night..."

"Sorry...but I'd prefer to douse those flames. I'm a water nymph, not a fire lizard..."

"But...you told me to make a fire in the first place! To warm up...and...dry my undergarments..."

For the first time in a while, Gerald felt a blush creeping on his face. He got used to being naked at this point...however, the memory of peeing himself in his drug-induced sleep was still too embarassing for the boy.

"Oh don't worry about that, I can keep you warm..."

His mind was flooding with all kinds of fantasies on what exactly Tera meant by that – of course, he quickly came to the conclusion that she merely meant to keep him warm through her own, bodily heat.

Not that this was bad in any way – however, would he be able to sleep at all, with her laying right next to him?

"So you're really sure you want to put the fire out? How...you plan on doing that anyway? We don't have any-"

...of course, what a stupid question!

"...you're going to piss them out...?"

"You learn quickly..."

Tera approached the fire, pressing her hips forward, ready to go-

"...but yes, I have to. Fire makes me nervous..."

"I...think I need to go as well. Why don't we do it together?"

What...

The words left his mouth before he could even think about what he was saying.

Tera sure had some influence on him, that much was undeniable...only: was that bad or good?

"You're getting freaky, hmm? And I totally expected you to be worried about wild animals or something. But hey, as I said before – I enjoy that new side of yours, let's do it...I wanna see you pee!"

Great – what had he done? But it was too late to back out now...

...

...plus, I actually want to do that....

"Okay then..."

There was probably still a stupid blush on his face, nothing he could do about that however...

While he didn't had to piss all that badly, the pressure was persistant enough that it wouldn't let him sleep anyway.

Gerald stared down at his semi-hard penis, relaxing – or at least trying to.

"C-can't really promise anything will come out, I'm not used to peeing while someone is watching...

In fact, he was pretty convinced that he wouldn't be able to get a single drip out. His body would just refuse to go through with it.

Wouldn't be the first time either – there had been many situations where, despite the worst pressure in his bladder, his urine wouldn't come out if he felt the gaze of his fellow recruits on him.

I hope she won't be too disappointed that I can't-

~pss..ss...ssshhhh~

"Hmm...looks like plenty is coming out..."

She chuckled, taking pleasure in watching the slightly nervous boy relieving himself.

It was a nice waterfall – albeit quite yellow.

"You should drink more...the color tells me you're dehydrated. Just saying..."

So much about his pee shyness...

Just why his body wasn't blocking the flow as usual was beyond him.

"I don't really have anything to drink here. I don't know, it's like someone stole all my supplies and equipment...crazy, right? I mean who would do that...?"

He didn´t intend on being sarcastic...but how else was he supposed to react to Teras statement?

Gerald bit his lip to keep avoid another comment, instead focusing on aiming his stream at the flames.

Okay, the hue really is quite intense...

First order of business – tomorrow – would be to find a fresh supply of water and some kind of container to for the liquid.

"....you're right. I apologize! It´s not your fault..."

Nervously scratching the back of her head, Tera knew her last comment was a bit uncalled for.

Anyway, it was time to do her business – watching Gerald pee was pure teasing to her own bladder, now begging for relief.

"Ahhhhh~"

And sweet relief it was – immediately, a massive and nearly colorless torrent of pee came gushing out from her cleft...making Geralds stream look like nothing in comparison.

"Holy-"

To say he was impressed was still an understatement...not even the fountain on the towns market square could compete with Tera, who made quick work of the fire, turning the brightly dancing flames into a heap of smoking sticks and ashes...

...and soon after, they weren't even smoking anymore, just dripping wet like a severe rainstorm just went over the forest.

"...that's...a lot..."

Even more impressive was how Tera still kept going – while his own stream already dried up and ended in a trickle.

"...I also think you can stop now. The fire is out..."

Stop? He had to be joking...

"You ever tried to stop the flow once it started? I doubt it..."

She shook her head, continuing to drench the wet wood while a puddle began to form on the ground underneath, growing as she kept peeing...

However, unlike Gerald who stared at her with his mouth wide open, to her it was nothing unusual.

"You forgot I'm a water nymph already? There is a reason our kind lives inside or near water...we need it a lot...and our bodies can store a lot of it as well..."

It felt like a small eternity till the nymph was finally done emptying her bladder, making the surrounding area look like someone just poured their entire bathwater on the ground.

"So...you're done now...?"

Despite the initial shock, it was also...arousing, sort-of to see someone pee such a ridiculous amount.

Though I'm still happy she let it all out...because she could easily drown someone sleeping right next to her if she has an accident at night...

Said someone being him in this case...

Tera nodded, stretching her arms up in the air.

"Yes. All done. In more way than one. Let's lay down and sleep now, okay?"

"...Sure.."

