Desperate tour of Alterna

Author: LilyTheGayOne

*000*2024-03-11 02:55

Contains spoilers for like every splatoon thing so far. Side order spoilers are only minor - talking about cleared the thing. This is just a quick one shot with captain 3 and agent 8 from splatoon.

###

Eight was beyond excited. Since the day agent three had told her of her time in alterna, she had longed to visit the underground metropolis. She and her girlfriend, the captain of the new squidbeak splatoon, had planned to go a few months ago, but her souls temporary residence in the memverse had made that difficult. Even after her soul was returned, it still took a good month of rehabilitation to get her body working the way it was supposed to. But now, she was ready.

"Hey, eight!" The captain called out from near the door. "It's time to get going!" Eight quickly threw on her octarian issued armor, snatched her n-zap off the wall, and raced after the captain.

"Someone's excited!" The captain laughed as eight almost rammed into her. Eight happily nodded, too excited to speak. Yet, she felt a little like she had forgotten something... Eh, if she forgot, it wasn't important. The two approached the mysterious kettle, and after a deep breath in, entered Alterna.

Eight saw a familiar infinite sky stretching out before her, and began to tense up. She didn't have many memories from her time in the octarian army, but there were some that would never leave her. Her breath started to quicken, her chest felt tight as the knot her stomach was in. She knew this sky.

She then felt 2 gentle arms wrapping around her, and her breathing began to return to normal.

"Hey, is this too much for you right now?" The captain whispered gently. "We don't have to do this if you aren't ready."

"N-no. I'm ready." Eight looked up at the sky. "If I ever hope to get my mind under control, I have to do this eventually."

"Alright. If you ever need me to help with anything at all, I'm here." The captain reassured. "If it starts getting worse, let me know." The two lovers explored the first area of alterna, making note of all the strange sculptures and buildings.

By the end of the first area, eight felt a familiar twinge in her abdomen. That's what she forgot. This wasn't bad now, but it could be if she couldn't find any bathrooms soon. She had just gotten back from a pretty intense anarchy series, and her whole team had been practically chugging tacticooler cans the whole time. Those things were notorious for making people wet themselves in the same game as drinking them. Eight was lucky to have such a strong bladder.

Eight started looking for bathrooms throughout the second and third areas, but to no avail. Three was explaining something about a bear and a rocket, when a particularly bad wave hit eight. She doubled over and held her crotch, pulling up her short skirt in the process.

"Hey, eight, you doing alright there?" Three questioned, having turned around at that exact time.

"I! Uh! I'm f-fine I-!!!" Eight was clearly not fine as a jet of ink shot through her panties with the force of a stingers beam. Pooling on the fake snowy floor and slowly covering the turf around her feet. A look of shame and embarrassment clouded her face as she looked away from her girlfriend.

"Oh, yeah, I forgot to tell you about the bathroom situation down here. There aren't any actual toilets because that was a waste of valuable water, so the people here just peed into the ocean water." The captain sorrowfully. "Guess that's what they get for putting scientists in charge, eh? Here, let's get back and get you cleaned up. I'm pretty much done with the visual part of the tour anyway."

And so, the two lovers went along their journey back to Inkopolis square.

###

This was such a nice departure from the stuff I usually write. I need to write cute lesbians more often, man.

