Barbara's wetting experiences - Page 3

Author: largebio

*050*2017-08-25 12:25

CHAPTER 21

"Ding Dong"

Barbara opens the door.

"Ready to go?", Nina asks her.

"Yep".

"Okay then, let's go to the pool".

While Barbara is driving Nina is unuasually quiet.

"What's up why are you so quiet?", Barbara asks.

"Well, it's been a while since I peed my bikini, so I drank a lot of water, so this opportunity doesn't get wasted. But I think I had a little too much. I'm quite desperate already".

"Please don't wet my car".

"I won't", Nina says doubtfully.

But she wouldn't, when the girls arrive at the pool, she's still perfectly dry.

But getting out of the car is a whole new challenge, the added pressure from standing up urges Nina to put a hand on her crotch for a short while.

"Okay let's hurry up", Barbara says.

While waiting in line to pay the entrance fee, Nina keeps shifting her weight from one leg to the other. After they paid they quickly make their way to the changing rooms.

"Ohhh, why didn't we put our bikinis on beforehand?", Nina asks.

No answer. They walk around the changing area all cubicles are taken. They walk around a bit more until finally ones comes up free.

"Let's share, I guess this is the only one free", Barbara suggests.

"Sure, just hurry". Now being in a private setting, Nina immediately grabs her pussy again to fight off a wave.

She somehow manages to unbutton her shorts, but fidgetting around she can't stand still long enough on one leg to get them of.

She finally manages to and sits down to put her bikini bottom on, but the first spurt escapes. She quickly pulls up her bottoms and grabs herself again.

"Just let loose", Barbara says. "No way you'll get you top on without wetting".

Without second thought, Nina releases her muscles and starts peeing. First her bikini gets soaked, then a puddle forms on the bench, until - not much later - it overflows creating a nice big waterfall down to the floor where her pee puddles up before flowing towards the drain.

"You naughty, naughty girl", Barbara, changed into her white bikini, laughs. "Now move over, I need to go too".

"Wait! You can't pee in a white bikini, the yellowness will show".

"Oh damn. Didn't think of that", Barbara replies, while taking her bikini bottom back off.

"What are you doing?"

"Just watch", she says squatting down over the drain. She releases her hold and starts peeing straight into the drain.

"Nice aim", Nina compliments her.

"Haha. Thanks".

When finished, the girls make their way towards the grassy area where they will put down their stuff before jumping into the pool.

After an hour the girls get bored, and they head back to their towels for a tanning session.

Half an hour into it, Nina admits she needs to pee again, having filled up quickly, because well, that's what happens after you had a desperate pee.

"But I don't wanna get up yet", she continues.

Barbara, half a sleeps replies with an indifferent "Uh-humn".

Fifteen minutes later, Nina is too desperate to lay still. For a second she contemplates her options.

"Let's head to the big water slide", she then says.

Barbara agrees and the girls make their way to the slide.

Climbing the stairs is turning out to be quite the ordeal for Nina, but evantually the girls arrive at the top.

No-one else is up there, which prompts Nina to be adventerous. "Watch this", she says.

She sits down at the top of the slide and starts peeing down it prompting Barbara to burst into laughter.

"Aren't you affraid, people will see?"

"No, it's hardly yellow. No-one could tell it's pee coming down".

After she's finished Nina goes down the slide, quickly followed by Barbara, after which they go back to their towels.

After another hour of suntanning, the girls decide it's time to go back home.

"My bikini is completely dry, I don't need to change".

"So is mine. Besides I'm not gonna wait around for another cubicle to become free".

When exiting the pool, the girls need to go through a gate. Barbara goes first, followed by Nina.

While walking behind her friend Nina notices something.

"Why are you walking so weird. Need to pee, huh?"

"Well quite a lot. I held it on purpose, because I wanna wet my bikini. But as you said, if I wet this one it'll become too yellow. So I'll hold until were back at my place".

"Just make sure you don't wet your car", Nina winks.

Barbara manages to keep her car dry during the fifteen minute drive back home, and as soon as she arrives she races to her room.

Now one hand firmly in her crotch, she searches her closet for her black bikini. When she finally finds it she needs to use her other hand to fight off a massive wave.

Somehow she manages and quickly pulls down her bottoms before another wave hits her.

Now naked apart from her bikini top, she thrusts her hands back into her crotch, pressing a finger into her pussy to stop any urine from leaking out.

"How did you plan on getting that black bottom on with your hands placed there", Nina aks having followed Barbara into her room.

"Good question". Slowly she removes her first hand, and then her second. But as soon as she does, a spurt escapes.

She quickly grabs her pussy again, but to no avail. Another spurt, and another, and another one. Then the spurts turn into a steady stream. Her pee pooling up in her hands.

"Fuck!", she screams before removing her hands and peeing her heart out.

"Guess you need to mob up some pee here", Nina laughs.

"Yeah, and I still didn't pee my bikini".

Barbara, with some 'help' from Nina cleans her floor, thanking herself she chose hardwood.

"Wanna stay for dinner", she than asks Nina.

"Sure, as long as you make your famous pasta".

Barbara agrees to cook it, and during the thirty minutes it takes her to make it, she gulps down five glasses of water.

She serves it up, along with a beer for each of them. The girls decide to eat in the garden, still in their bikinis.

When they've both finished their plates and beers Barbara announces she has to pee again.

"Finally I can do it in my bikini", she smiles as she releases a good thirty second pee whilst still seated in her plastic chair.

Nina soon follows her example and release her own ocean that had been building up for quite some time.

"Wanna sleep over tonight?", Barbara then asks her.

Having to work early tomorrow morning, Nina declines and the girls say their goodbyes.

TO BE CONTINUED

*052*2017-08-27 10:47

CHAPTER 22

With Nina gone, Barbara decides to watch some TV in bed. After two hours she falls asleep, awaking another three hours later.

Still half asleep, she notices two things, she's still wearing her bikini, and her baldder has filled up again. She removes her bikini, turns off the TV and tries to go back to sleep.

After half an hour of unsuccesfully trying to fall back asleep, she starts thinking about her day at the pool. About how she peed in the drain, peed on her bedroom floor, trying to change her bikini bottoms, and finally - at last - peeing her bikini.

The sheer thought has made her horny, and without really thinking about it, she starts rubbing her already moist pussy. While rubbing, she feels her pussy get wetter and her bladder gets fuller.

For a second she debates whether she should get out to pee, or continue pleasuring herself.

"I'm too horny to stop", she thinks out loud, "and my swollen lips will help me hold, I guess".

Slowly but surely, she rubs faster and faster, until she can't resist putting a finger inside her narrow, virgin slit.

A couple of minutes later she comes to a screaming orgasm, which causes her to relax all her muscles.

ALL her muscles, including her bladder's. Without noticing at first, a slow trickle off pee is flowing out her pussy. After ten seconds, having come back to her senses, she realizes what she's doing.

Her first reaction is to stem the flow, tightening her sphincter. But soon she notices the large wet stain on her matress.

"Well, that's gotta be cleaned anyway", she says quite loudly, "might as well finish here then".

And she continues peeing her bed, soon followed by her falling back asleep in her soaked bed.

TO BE CONTINUED

*055*2017-08-31 10:06

CHAPTER 23

Barbara is gonna visit her grandma today. She lives in downtown Amsterdam, so Barbara decides it's easier to go by train than by car.

The trip to her grandma takes an hour, and is quite uneventful.

It's been four months since they last saw eachother, so they have a lot to talk about. The start of her modelling career, her vacation and so on. Of couse she conveniently 'forgets' to tell about her accidents.

They talk for hours and hours, and her grandma makes sure she has enough to eat and drink at all times.

By the time Barbara decides it's time to go back home, it's been five hours and seven cups of tea.

During the five minute walk to the station, she starts noticing a slight urge to pee. But she can definitely hold at least two hours, she reckons.

Her train is due to depart in fifteen minutes, so she decides to have a seat until her train arrives. Fifteen minutes later, however, it still hasn't.

"DING DONG. The train departing from platform 5 has been cancelled. The next train will depart in half an hour. We are sorry for this inconvenience".

"Oh, well, great", Barbara thinks to herself.

Twenty-five minutes later the train rolls into the station, and Barbara gets on. Fifteen minutes into the ride, she realises she underestimated the amount of fluid she took in, and she is now getting fidgety. Luckily for her she is seated on the last row of the carriage and no-one is seated next to her, meaning no-one can see her.

Another ten minutes later, the train starts to break, eventually coming to a stop in the middle of a field.

"What the hell?", Barbara thinks to herself.

"Ladies and gentlemen, a train in front of us has broken down. We will have to wait here until it has been towed away, expect the delay wil be half an hour".

"Half an hour", Barbara sighs, "that means I won't be home for another 75 minutes", she concludes after doing some quick math.

She squirms a little and then decides to distract herself by playing games on her phone.

About twenty minutes later, she moves one hand to her crotch. So playing games is now too hard. She instead gets up to use the bathroom, but to her dissapointment, it's too disgusting. She sits back down in her spot.

Squirming and holding herself, time slowly passes by, until - finally - forty minutes after the train came to a stop, it starts rolling again for the final 35 minutes of her journey.

"Okay, 35 minutes and a ten minute walk, that's 45 minutes I need to hold. No way I can make that", she thinks out loud.

Ten minutes later, now both hands in her crotch, she sees someone walking down the aisle towards her.

"Excuse me madam, do you know where the bathroom is on this train?", a young girl - about fourteen years old - asks her.

"I'm afraid there's none".

"Really?"

"Yeah, I'm sorry".

"Oh my god. I need to pee so bad", the girl whines as she starts doing a full on pee dance. Then she notices how Barbara is sitting. "Need to pee too?".

"I'm nearly pissing myself", Barbara decides to answer honestly.

The girl decides to sit across the aisle from Barbara, both hands fiercely cupped in her crotch. Just like Barbara, who's now starting to rock back and forth, feeling the end nearing.

About a minute later she's startled by a loud moan. "Oh no, oh no, oh no", the girl cries. "It's coming out! I... I can't h..hold it". Followed by a clearly audible hiss.

Barbara looks over, seeing a dark stain on the girls grey jeans which continues to grow. It and the seat soak up the girl's piss, with only a minimal amount dripping onto the floor.

"Oh my god, look at me. I'm fourteen and can't even hold my pee", the girl whispers towards Barbara.

"Well, I'm twenty-three, and I'm about to pee myself too". But seeing the seat soak up most of the girl's pee has given Barbara an idea, and wearing a skirt definitely helps.

She feels the first spurt escape and realises it's now or never. She raises her butt and folds her skirt over so that she won't be sitting on it.

"Uhmmm, I can see your panties", the girl says.

Barbara ignores it and releases her tight hold and her pee starts pouring out. The seat soaks it up, except for a tiny bit which drips onto the floor.

When finished, she moves to the seat next to her. "Sorry you pissed yourself", she says trying to comfort the girl.

"Well, at least I'm not the only one. But I can't hide it, while you can. And I got a lot to explain to my parents when I get home".

"I'm sure they'll be compassionated".

The girls continue to talk until they reach their destination after which they say their goodbyes.

TO BE CONTINUED

*059*2017-09-04 19:47

{{8 hours ago, bibibibi said:

Awesome, could you include more urinal pissing?

}}

I might later on

*060*2017-09-05 09:40

CHAPTER 24

Nina has decided to move out of her parents's house and move in with Barbara. Her father has rented a moving truck and has helped move her bed, closet and other heavy stuff, before returning it.

The day is nearing it's end and all that's left are some clothes and personal items, all nicely placed in boxes. The girls load them into Barbara's car, say bye to Nina's parents and Alexis and drive off home.

"I really need to pee", Nina says. "Before we start unloading, I gotta use your bathroom first".

"Our bathroom", Barbara replies. "I gotta go too. Let's make it a challenge".

"Okay, you're on".

The girls arrive home and start unloading the boxes, carrying them up the stairs to Nina's new bedroom.

"This is quite hard, not being able to hold yourself", Nina says.

"Absolutely. Honestly I've spurted a little while climbing the stairs".

"Looks like I'm winning then. Actually what's the prize?"

"Loser has to wear her wet clothes until bedtime?", Barbara suggests.

"Sure".

Picking up another box from her car, Barbara loses another spurt.

"Ooooh, can't hold it, can you. There's a good golf ball sized wet spot on your crotch".

Barbara ignores it, but as she's walking up the stairs she feels more and more leak out. By the time she's put the box down, the spot has become a dinner plate size. She grabs her pussy as soon as her hands are free. "Still holding strong!"

"Doesn't look like it".

"Well, now that I'm grabbing myself, I've stopped the leaks. Besides, looks like you lost some too", Barbara says noticing the wet spot on Nina's jeans.

"But I didn't leak as much as you did".

The girls head back to the car for the final two boxes, before walking through the door Barbara checks whether the coast is clear.

"The street's empty, no-one can see our wet pants".

The girls hurry to the car, grab a box each, and hurry back inside, both leaking heavily.

Barbara uses her foot to close the door behind her, when another spurt leaves her tired pussy.

"Hurry, I'm not gonna last much longer", she says.

The girls race up the stairs as fast as possible, Nina leaking ever so often. But about halfway up, Barbara's worn out muscles give in. Pee starts pouring out of her, into her jeans and down the stairs.

"Beautiful river", Nina jokes, "looks like I won".

"Yeah, you did. Congratulations", Barbara says sighing from relieve.

The girls put the final boxes in Nina's room.

"I'm gonna take a shower", Nina says, now having both hands in her crotch, trying to stop her basketball sized wet spot from growing.

She races to the bathroom, and steps in the shower without taking her clothes off. While in the shower she starts undressing. As soon as she removes her hands from her crotch pee starts pouring out, just as she expected. She throws her clothes in the laundry and starts her long relaxing shower. She plays with herself thinking about all the wet fun she can have at her new home. It doesn't take long before she comes to a great orgasm.

TO BE CONTINUED

*063*2017-09-07 11:15

CHAPTER 25

By the time Nina come out of the bathroom, Barbara is waiting at the door.

"Thank got you're finished. Apparently not all has come out yet. I'm dying for a pee", she says.

"And how were you planning on peeing? Deal was not taking off you clothes, that includes taking your jeans and panties down to pee".

"Really?"

"Yeah, really", Nina says with a devilish smile.

"Okay, then I'll hold until bed time".

"But it's only 9 PM, how are you gonna last another two hours?"

"I don't know yet".

The first half hour goes by with the girls sitting on the couch, with Barbara changing positions every minute or so. But then she feels the need to start holding her crotch with one hand and another fifteen minutes later she adds her other hand.

"You're not the only one filling up quickly, I need to pee", Nina says, "but since I won I can just go to the toilet".

Barbara looks annoyed, but knows Nina is right. She tries to ignor Nina's taunting and keeps focussing on keeping her pee in.

"Just an hour and fifteen minutes left", she thinks to herself. Knowing full well she won't make it, but she doesn't wanna give in just yet.

"You know you can wet yourself again, right", Nina says tauntingly when she gets back.

"No, need. I can hold till bed time", Barbara replies.

But a mere five minutes later she feels a couple of tiny spurts warming her cold clingy panties. She does everything in her power to stop the leaking and succeeds, but not without Nina noticing her predicament.

"Leaked a little, didn't you?".

Barbara denies, but feels another dribble - about three seconds long - warm her crotch and even her butt a little.

"Don't lie to me", Nina smiles.

Right then, Barbara just loses all control, she quickly jumps up to prevent the couch from getting wet, and for the second time in two hours releases her bladder's contents into her jeans.

She finishes with a sigh of relieve and starts cleaning her puddle. Then she sits back down until it's time to go to bed.

Around 11 the girls get up to get ready for bed, Barbara takes a shower while Nina just heads straight to bed.

TO BE CONTINUED

*066*2017-10-13 13:36

Hi all. It’s been a while, and it’s not my longest or best chapter but I hope you’ll still enjoy!

CHAPTER 26

It's ladies night at the pub, and Barbara and Nina decide to check it out. It's quite a fun night and they meet a girl named Ellen.

They talk for a couple of hours over four beers each.

"Would you please excuse me, I've been needing to pee for the last hour. I really should go now", Ellen says.

"Me too. I'll join", you Barbara says.

"Me three", Nina adds.

The three of them make their ways over to the bathrooms. There is a line, about 20 girls long.

"Fuck, I hope the line goes quick, I really should have gone earlier", Ellen says, moving around slightly.

"I believe this bar has just two stalls in the ladies room", Nina says, slightly worried.

"And what about the men's?", Barbara asks. "It's not like there are any men around tonight".

"How am I supposed to know? Never been there", Nina responds.

The line moves very slowly, the girls find out that the men's room has one stall only and a urinal.

About half an hour since the girls joined the queue, there are still four girls in front of them.

"What are all those girls doing? Taking a dump?", Ellen asks, now two hands in her crotch and doing a nice little pee-pee dance.

"Sure hope not", Barbara replies, also having a hard time standing still.

Five minutes later, Ellen is next in line. But her panties aren't dry anymore, she's had some leaks and is on the verge of crying.

"Oh my god. Hury.... It's coming out", she screams. But all is lost, her muscles can't take it any longer and Ellen starts peeing her panties and light blue jeans. She pees for at least a minute, crying her eyes out.

In the meantime, a girl has emerged from the men's room and both Nina and Barbara barge in.

"Hey, I was first", Barbara says.

But Nina doesn't listen and goes into the stall, she quickly hikes her dress, but before she can pull her panties down, she loses control for a couple of seconds.

Realising her panties are soaked, she sits down and just continues peeing through them, feeling embarrassed she has an accident, but also enjoying the warm wetness.

Barbara, meanwhile has decided her only option to keep her jeans dry is the urinal. Somehow she manages to get her jeans and panties out of the way without leaking, she positions herself and starts a minute and a half long pee.When her stream dies down, it's not powerful enough to make it all the way to the urinal, and the last three seconds of her pee end up in her panties and jeans. Luckily for her the damage is minimal, and in the dark pub it won't be visible.

Both Barbara and Nina exit the men's room and see Ellen, still shocked, standing next to the doors.

"How am I going to explain this to my boyfriend when I come home?".

"Well if you want, you can take a shower at our place, and borrow a pair of my jeans", Barbara suggests.

"Thanks", Ellen says and the girls make their way to Barbara and Nina's home.

TO BE CONTINUED

*068*2017-11-09 11:55

CHAPTER 27

It's halloween and Barbara is taking her cousin Laura trick-or-treating.

Laura is dressed as Cinderella, Barbara is wearing a cat onesie.

"Ready to go?", Laura asks, obviously hyped up.

"Yes, all ready to go!"

The first half hour is quite uneventful, Laura gets a lot of compliments for her costume, Barbara let's her steal the show.

But Barbara soon realizes she forgot something; she needs to pee. Nothing serious but definitely a 4 out of 10.

One of the houses they visited forgot to stock up on candy, so instead they give the girls a juice box each. Hesitantly, Barbara accepts it and starts sipping.

Half an hour later, she regrets her decision as her urge has gone up to a good 6. Laura, meanwhile shows no signs of being ready to call it a night.

"Ding dong", Laura rings the next doorbell. While waiting for the door to be answered, Barbara notices something.

"Trick or treat", Laura shouts.

"Awww, don't you look adorable", the old lady answering the door says, handing Laura two Mars bars.

"Thank you", Laura smiles.

The door closes and Barbara whispers: "Are you okay? You looked like you needed to pee waiting for that door to be opened."

"Just a little cold".

Barbara doesn't believe her cousin but decides to stop talking about it. But on the inside, she feels relieved. She can surely outlast her 10 years old cousin when it comes to holding pee.

Five houses later, Laura can hardly stand still waiting for the door to be opened up.

After the door closes, Laura shyly admits her urge to pee. "In fact, I kinda needed to go when we left your house. But I was so excited to go, I ignored my need".

"Okay, let's go home then".

"Yes, please. How far is it?"

"About half an hour, I guess", Barbara replies.

"Half an hour? I'm not sure I can hold it that long".

"Off course you can. You're a big girl".

But, in fact, Barbara is quite sure she herself won't last 30 minutes either.

The girls slowly make their way back home, but after 15 minutes they only covered about a quarter of the distance. Their walking can hardly be described as walking, it's more of a waddle in an attempt to not lose any of the massive amounts of urine they're holding back.

"No way I can hold it much longer", Laura says. Two seconds later she loses a good five second squirt, but her dress hides her wet panties.

"There's a park across the street, maybe you could pop a squat behind some bushes?", Barbara suggests.

"Okay, but please hurry", Laura says, now pee-pee dancing.

After only two steps, Laura loses another spurt, but unable to stop it, she feels a warm wetness spreading through her panties and down her legs and dress.

She starts crying. "How can I pee myself. I'm 10 years old, not a baby".

Barbara tries to comfort her, but soon feels a drop escape her pussy, just slightly dampening her panties. "Look I'm twice as old, and I'm about to have an accident too", she says while grabbing her crotch to avoid any more leakage. "Please can we hurry to the park?"

Waddling, dancing and panting, Barbara reaches the park and asks Laura to help her with the zipper at the back of the onesie.

They get it about halfway down when Barbara feels a spurt escape and she quickly grabs herself with both hands. Finally, Laura manages to get the zipper down, but now she will have to remove her hands from her crotch.

This proves to be fateful, as soon as she releases her firm grip, pee starts pouring out of her. She quickly yanks down her onesie and panties, but not before they're absolutely soaked. She finishes her pee after two minutes.

"Wow, you really peed a lot", Laura says half crying half laughing at her cousin.

"Yeah. Now let's go home to clean ourselves".

And hence, a very wet princess and a very wet cat, walk home.

Back home Laura takes a shower and Barbara quickly washes her Cinderella costume before taking a shower herself. The costume has dried quickly and Laura puts it back on before her mom is there to pick her up.

"No-one will ever now about our acidents", she whispers at Barbara.

TO BE CONTINUED

*070*2017-11-09 21:08

{{4 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thank you!

*072*2018-01-04 09:37

Sorry guys. I know I said "to be continued", but I don't think I can add any more chapters. Lacking inspiration and I don't wanna reduce the quality, so I call this project finished.

Might start a new one later, though

