A quick story

Author: Lemon56

*000*2018-12-04 20:22

Hey friends, I've recently been inspired to do some erotic stories in my spare time. Since I tend to always fall back into adding desperation or wetting scenes in, I decided to write a story or two completely based on omorashi and desperation. I'll share this story with you guys, and if there's interest for more, I'll post future works as well. I apologize in advance - I didn't really go through and edit this thoroughly, so please excuse the grammar/spelling issues and I wrote it in a rush so the quality may be suspect.

Warnings - significant age gap, sexual touching, mention of genitals and orgasm

Context - Ella and Takeshi are OCs I’ve been writing about for awhile. There’s a main story, but this scenario has been in my mind for awhile, and I wanted to get it out. Plus I wanted to see if I could do justice to one of my favorite fetishes. There is backstory but basically, Ella is a college student who ended up in a relationship with Takeshi, an older Japanese man who was her mentor earlier. Hope y’all enjoy.

Ella leaned back and sighed. Sitting on the ground was a bit weird, but it also,felt kind of good. Plus she could put her feet against Takeshi's feet under the table. Or would, if she didn’t have to concentrate so much on the information in the book on the table. What was this called again? Kotatsu? Or a bastardized one, Takashi explained. It was very usually too warm in California to have a heater underneath, as was traditional. Still it was nice and cozy, and a welcome change from her stuffy desk. And she had Takeshi-san's company.

She took a moment to look up from her book to look over at him. He wasn’t looking back at her - he too, was enchanted by a book - but she still smiled. Even these quiet days were a treasure.

She went back to studying, though she shifted on the pillow she sat on slightly. She was starting to feel that familiar urge that signaled she should go to the toilet soon. Looking at the table where a teapot and countless teabags were strewn across, alongside the tea cups they’d been drinking from (with plenty of refills) over the last hour, it was no wonder. Still, she had only a few paragraphs left in the chapter. She could wait.

She had gotten so engrossed that she only noticed that Takeshi had closed his book, gotten up, and sat down next to her when he put his hand over hers. She started a bit, but calmed down quickly and then turned her head to give him a smile. He nodded in response before opening his mouth to speak.

“Ella, you’ve been studying for awhile now. Maybe we should take a break?” Ella had an idea of what a break meant, but as nice as it could be, she really wanted to get this concept down before retiring. Ella shook her head.

“Sorry Takeshi-San, but I’m almost done with this chapter. I want to finish while the rest is fresh in my mind. Get the concepts together. I’ll be done soon.” Still, Takeshi was beside her.

“I suppose that’s fair. But still, you look rather tense. Would it be alright if I massaged you while you finished?” She smiled again. Despite his age, Takeshi sometimes acted like she’d imagine a younger man would - any excuse to touch her, right? It wasn’t cloying or annoying though. He was respectful and kind enough that it came off as flattering. After she nodded, Takeshi moved to sit behind her, most likely to, if asked, get the proper pressure on her shoulder. She felt his hands caressing her bare shoulders (California’s aforementioned weather meant that tank tops were in vogue) before he began to squeeze carefully, applying smaller bits of pressure, just like he did for post training massages.

As nice as her having her muscles relaxed felt, she still had to finish the chapter. As Takeshi's lithe fingers worked their magic on her stressed neck and shoulders, she took a few minutes to read and digest to concepts in the chapter. And soon enough, she was done, just as Takeshi had begun to work on her middle back. She made a move to get up, but Takeshi swiftly put his hands on her shoulders to keep her sitting. Before she could explain her actions, he explained his.

“You’ve been doing such good work, Ella. How would you feel about me rewarding you?” Despite his words, his grip didn’t loosen. Ella chuckled.

“Thank you Takeshi-San, but first I have to get up to use the restroom.” Still, his hands didn’t move.

“I noticed you shifting. We did have quite a bit of tea. But... I’d prefer if we stayed right here for a bit.” Ella blushed, about to protest, but as usual, he was faster than her. “I’ll take full responsibility for whatever happens and I’ll clean it up, okay? Don’t worry. Just relax and feel good.” Ella didn’t say anything else, but wondered if it would really be okay. She knew exactly what Takeshi was hinting at, and it made her feel dirty... but also kind of hot. Well, it wasn’t like she was at the very verge of pissing herself. If Takeshi changed his mind, she had plenty of time to warn him before her cup runneth over. She sighed and leaned in Takeshi's body behind her. As expected, he was nice and warm. So comforting. She inhaled his scent. It was hard to imagine there was a time she was terrified of him.

For his part, Takeshi wasted no time using his hands. One hand stayed on her shoulder, massaging gently to help Ella relax, while his other hand slipped to her front and began to grope her left breast. He clawed at her hungrily, but with enough restraint to make sure he didn’t hurt her. Today wasn’t about rushing or roughness. Today was about relaxation. She let out a soft groan as he groped a bit harder. Takeshi stopped for a moment to plant a gentle series of kisses down her neck.

Ella shivered as he managed to get all her weak spots right away. He wasn’t playing fair. Maybe he was more pent up than she thought. She had been studying more for exams. She suddenly felt guilty - had she been neglecting poor Takeshi? She couldn’t dwell on it too long, though - the hand that was on her breast began to travel down her stomach. She felt warm as his skin traveled across hers. And then his other hand left her shoulder to travel along the curves of her body. What exactly was the old man planning?

She felt him lean heavily into her and over her as his hands both went lower and lower, until they reached her crotch. He swiftly put his hands under her pants, making her feel happy she decided to go for sweatpants instead of jeans today. She saw the outlines of his hands through the fabric. He brought one finger against her clitoris - still behind her panties - and traced it down her slit. He then brought his finger up and pressed it firmly against her crotch, before gently rubbing.

“Already wet. Good girl,” he growled in her ear, causing her to blush. It was only when he said those words that she noticed how warm she felt - not just because of her pressing need to pee (she hoped all he felt was her arousal - not any spurts that happened to break through). This damn dirty old man had this strange effect on her. Though something told her that she also had an effect on him - that something being the feeling of something long and hard pressing against her back as he leaned into her.

Then she felt a sudden pressure on her bladder. She was only just able to stop herself from letting loose on the carpet by pressing her own hands down on her crotch. As she did so, she felt the culprit - One of Takeshi’s roaming hands had found itself on top of her bulging bladder, and even now it was gently pressing against her. Takeshi chuckled before using his other hand to drag her hands away.

“You weren’t kidding. I wonder how long we have until you lose control. Well, I’m sure I can make things happen faster.”

Ella tried to turn to him, but found it difficult with him leaning over her.

“I probably only have a few minutes left. If you don’t want a big mess on your pillows, you should let me go.” She heard him go ‘hmm’ as though seriously considering her words. Then she felt him squeeze her tightly. She yelped slightly in shock and in a small bit of pain and she had to hastily control her bladder muscles to prevent leaking.

“I’m okay with it. Are you?” She didn’t know how to respond right away. “Ella, I’ll only do this with your consent,” he said, and his grip began to loosen. Ella felt herself blushing crimson. She actually did want this - but would Takeshi hate her? Or think she was gross? But the idea of release, and even more, with her beloved beside her... it turned her on. This was a green light, right?

“I... I want it, Takeshi,” Ella whispered. Takeshi didn’t move. Ella took a deep breath. “Takeshi, please help me cum!” She almost shouted. Once again she was extremely embarrassed, and Takeshi was chuckling.

“Well, alright. It wouldn’t be kind of me to leave my student hanging after such an earnest request,” Takeshi said. Ella smiled despite herself. Takeshi's hands began to explore once more, and Ella brought her hands away, allowing him to explore as much as he wanted. He was quick to bring a hand underneath her panties and use his fingers to open her lower lips before using those same fingers to gently brush against her outer vulva, threatening to penetrate her, but never actually going inside. His other hand had lowered as well, and now he was brushing a stubby thumb across her clitoris. At each sensation, Ella began to pant.

“Think of this as, perhaps, endurance training. Can you hold out for a few more minutes?” Ella made a grunting noise of confirmation, though as she felt the pressure coming from her nether regions, she actually began to doubt she could hold out for much longer. Each sensation of pleasure made her want to release. It felt like her mind was fighting between holding her bladder and experiencing pleasure.

“Keep it together for a few more minutes. I’m so proud of you, Ella.” Ella’s emotions flashed between aroused and embarrassed quickly. She wasn’t doing much to be proud of, but Takeshi’s praise still made her feel special.

“Concentrate,” he warned suddenly. Before Ella could ask what he was going to do, she felt him begin to penetrate her with one finger. If she hadn’t gotten that warning, it would’ve been the end for these comfy pillows beneath her and their life of being piss free. Still, her endurance was getting low. She wondered if she should beg Takeshi to let her release right now. No, he was asking her to hold on, just for another minute. She desperately wanted his approval.

He hadn’t planned on making it easy, apparently. With a bit more roughness, he inserted a second finger in her. Ella groaned loudly, and pressed herself against his hand, trying desperately to get help controlling her bladder. To distract herself from the pressure, she began to hump his hand. He wasn’t even moving his fingers, allowing her to do the hard work. The sensation of his hand against her pubic area made it just a little easier to endure everything. Even when he brushed his finger against her clitoris again, she held on. Then he brought two fingers to either side of her clitoris and squeezed them together. Ella groaned again. This was blatantly unfair. But then again, his training had always been a bit strict.

She almost cried out as she felt him shift behind her. What next? She felt him bury his face in the nape of her neck, and felt his hot breath on her shoulder. She couldn’t hold back the shivers this sent through her body. Then the jerk began to gently nibble on her neck. Ella whined with each bite. She was sure that if his mouth hadn’t been busy, he’d be doing his usual chuckle. He continued doing this for another agonizing minute. She continued to hump and press against his hand, desperate to earn his approval, and simply desperate in general.

She wasn’t aware of how much time had passed before he moved his head away from her neck and put his mouth to her ear. She closed her eyes, expecting more punishing teasing in store.

“Good girl. It’s time for your reward. It’s time to release.”

Ella blushed. She’d been waiting for so long for this. She was past the point of shame or embarrassment - all that mattered now was release. With a well earned sit of relief, Ella let her bladder relax. She felt the fabric around her pussy sat with the sudden wetness. She opened her eyes and saw her pants steadily growing dark beneath her. Soon her yellow liquid was dripping down the pillow she sat on, and a puddle quickly formed around her on the floor. This was the feeling of extreme bliss.

She jumped when she felt something inside her move. In the haze of pleasure and release, she only just remembered that Takeshi had two fingers inside her. She blushed, hoping he wouldn’t be mad at her soaking him. Then again, given that he was once more pumping his fingers in and out of her, she had a feeling he didn’t mind so much.

“Lovely. I bet you feel so much better now,” he said teasingly. But it was true. She felt amazing. And it only got better when Takeshi once more brought his other hand to her clitoris, gently stroking as much as he could of her as she drained herself on his pillow and his hands.

Even when he stream eventually ended, his hands kept up their exploration. Ella bent into back into him slightly, trying to give him deeper access. As she did, she heard her wet clothes make a squelching noise. But that didn’t matter now. She had asked Takeshi to help her come, and presumably, he was fulfilling that request.

Now without having to take consideration of her bladder, Takeshi’s hands moved even faster. The fingers inside her curled slightly, helping him press against her g spot. He continued to gently pinch and tease her clitoris as well. It was an overwhelming amount of sensation. Just like before, she felt like she was on the verge of exploding. The last straw was him planting a gentle kiss on the back of her head.

“Takeshi!” She yelled out his name wildly as her orgasm ripped through her body. Her already soaked pants were given another barrage as she squirted. The fact she had pants on only slightly concealed the damage. She was still shivering as Takeshi brought his hands out for her pants and wrapped her in a gentle hug. As her mind was still putting itself together, she thought about how she could smell her fluids on his hands.

“You did very well today, Ella. You must be tired after that. Now, why don’t you take off those wet clothes and go lie down in the bed? I’ll join you shortly.”

Ella was in no state to protest. She awkwardly stood up. Before she took off her pants and panties, she took a moment to survey the results of the last half hour. Her pants were, of course, soaked through. There was a sizable puddle on the floor and the pillow was also drenched. She only felt really bad though, when she saw that Takeshi’s trousers were also damp. Though maybe that wasn’t completely her fault, she’d later reflect.

Takeshi apparently was getting a little impatient. When she took a few seconds to look around, he brought up his hands to bring down her pants. As he did that, Ella took off her panties. She wasn’t sure where to put them, but then Takeshi put out a hand to her expectantly. Beginning to feel shame again, Ella was hesitant to give him her urine soaked panties. He changed his expression to a kind smile and nodded at his hand. That was enough for her to change her mind and give him the panties. He then also got up and lifted up the pillow. He brought her pants, panties, and the pillow to a laundry basket not too far off. As he lifted the basket, he nodded to the bedroom. Without another word, Ella walked over to the bedroom.

She wondered if she needed to shower first, but Takeshi made no mention of it. She wondered if he wanted her to smell like urine for a bit longer. The familiar mixed feelings or arousal and embarrassment came up again as she took off her tank top and then slid under the covers of Takeshi’s bed. She definitely had been tired - she closed her eyes and wasn’t sure how long it was before she felt Takeshi slip into bed next to her. She must’ve nodded off for a short while - the bed felt much warmer from her body heat. He moved behind her and wrapped his arms around her once more. From what she felt of flesh and fabric, he’d taken off his shirt and pants, and only had his boxers on. She heard him sigh contentedly. She was about to speak, but as usual, he was quicker.

“Go back to sleep. I’ve taken care of everything.”

“I haven’t taken care of you,” she said guiltily. As far as she knew, only she’d come during their time together today. She felt slightly offended when he chucked, though she supposed she shouldn’t have been surprised.

“Thank you, but believe me, I’m fine right now. If it really bothers you, you can make it up to me when we wake up. But for now, let’s rest.”

If she were facing him, she’d have pouted in response. But wrapped up in his arms, she admitted to herself that maybe it was time to do as he said and rested. After all, she felt so lovely, nice and warm under the covers in his arms. In no time at all, the two drifted into a peaceful and comfortable sleep together.

