Little Widow's commissions!

Author: Little Widow

*000*2017-01-11 01:53

Hey gang. I know I never post anymore. But here's the deal: I'm trying to earn enough money to make a cross-country move to live with my girlfriend! However buses and apartments are not free (Or even cheap), so I am officially opening up commissions! A bit hesitant? My AO3 can be found here.

Also some of my most popular works can be found here, here, and here.

The deets;

I will totally write you...

- age play

- omorashi/watersports (excluding golden showers)

- fluff

- hurt/comfort

Alpha/Beta/Omega (To an extent. You need to specify!)

LIGHT BDSM (Like really light. Be sure to specify!)

Things I know I am forgetting (feel free to ask!)

However I cannot write you...

Smut/Sex of any kind

Golden showers/drinking pee

- scat/messing/general feces shenanigans of any kind

- rape/non-con

- pedophilia

- anything illegal IRL (If in doubt, ask; I’ll be pretty honest and upfront)

Kink-Shaming just because

Anything else. I reserve the right to say no to anything I do not feel comfortable writing.

Fandoms I can write for:

Avengers/ MCU (excluding X-Men)

Big Time Rush

Sonny With a Chance

Wizards of Waverly Place

Avatar: The Last Airbender

Anime (Just be sure to specify, I'm still new and don’t know a lot of them!)

Yuri! On Ice

Free! Iwatobi Swim Club/Eternal Summer

Winx Club

Crossovers (assuming I know both fandoms and/or universes)

Several others! If you don't see it, ask. I might know it!

Now then. The moolah aspect. I think we're gonna stick with paypal. We will work out the specifics when you contact me and we come to an agreement.

How this is gonna work:

1: You email me at [email protected]

- with your prompt/idea. We discuss it.

2: If we come to an agreement, I will begin to work on it after I receive payment.

3: Once finished, the final product will be emailed to you, in addition to being posted on AO3 (if you give me permission).

How much is my work?

- drabble (1,000 words or less): $5

Short story (1-2k words): $7

Long story (3k words) $10

Anything more than one chapter: Depends on the details. We will discuss this when you email me

Think that's about it. I reserve the right to edit or add to this as needed. Also please be aware I can only take on so many commissions at one time! I am still going to college and working full time. I Promise to be honest and upfront about whether or not I can take it on. This is my first time doing anything like this, so let’s say no more than five commissions at one time for starters. Please also be aware this is up on my tumblr too and that this number may change as time goes on, but I promise to be honest. Love you all and thank you sooo much in advance!

