Working Anniversary

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*000*2018-07-11 01:51

So this a short and sweet little one shot that I had the idea for pop into my head, shouldn't be more than a few pages but I hope you all like it.

As the sun slowly enters her the bedroom window a young woman yawns and tries to stretch but can’t. Her red hair is tousled but not overly messy thanks to her short pixie cut. She tries stretch to again and momentarily panics, struggling as she realizes her wrists and ankles are bound spread eagle. Each held by a large strap with some kind of electronic lock. A loud crinkling sound draws her attention to the massive heavy padded garment she’s wearing. A rather bulky diaper and plastic pants. After taking a second to calm down she looks up at the front of the bed and notices two things. One there is a message scrolling on repeat and two the camera on a tripod. The blinking red light indicating it’s active.

“Dear Vera, Happy anniversary love!!! I wish I could be there in person to celebrate with you but like I told you earlier Aran is out for blood again and with the K-tech acquisition we’re completely swamped. Other wise I’d tell them to get fucked but then it would be my head on the platter. Don’t you worry though, I take it you’ve already noticed the surprise I’ve prepared? I’ll be watching over you from work. In the meantime, I left you some Gatorade in the camelback strapped to headboard and I put a double layer diaper on you, so that should hold till I get back. Standard rules apply but for extra safety I left you one of those panic buttons and your phone. I can’t wait to be back with you but until then well… You’ll just have to sit tight and wait.

Love, Liu ”

“Holy shit!! I’m a little freaked but damn girl… She really went all out.” Vera feels a tear slide down her face. It was a little scary waking up like this, but no one’s ever gone to this much trouble to make her feel special. It has her thinking about these past three years and how much they’ve been through….

*002*2018-07-13 00:44

Without much else to do besides check Facebook on her phone Vera decides to go ahead and have her morning pee. The double diaper easily absorbs the small flood leaving Vera warm but not the slightest bit damp. However, there is another curious sensation of fullness inside her vag, then the vibrations start. The pulses alternate between internal and external and Vera finds her self pulling against the restraints as she thrusts back against. There’s no doubt in her mind that this is the split vibe Liu got her last year, also an anniversary present. The warmth and spreading tingling sensation builds for a minute until it abruptly stops leaving a frustrated Vera humping the air.

“Damn it Liu!” She huffs indignantly at the camera. Her phone buzzes in response. It’s a text consisting only of a smirking devil emoji. “Fucking tease!” Vera laughs and sticks out her tongue out. The vibe buzzes for a few seconds causing her to squeal in surprise. And with that she is once again left with her own thoughts……

It was three years ago that they first met. Vera had been so nervous taking her first plunge into the kink scene after discovering one of Chicago’s hidden gems. Terresa de Avila Unbound, a leather bar catering specifically to queer woman/woman aligned types, close to downtown. There she had met Liu. Captivated by the slightly older women’s inherent magnetism. She found agreeing to drinks then, a night cap at her place, then a night of break the bed sex. They’d been dating ever sense and over the past three years they had learned, explored, and played. Liu guiding her all the way, never pushing, just letting Vera explore.

It started with handcuffs and spankings then progressed to using multiple toys and restraints. Before she knew it Vera was a full on sub and loving it. It mad her feel so loved so wanted to see the look on Liu’s face during their games. She loved that special tingle she got every time the restraints. However it was only during the last few months that she had worked up the courage to confess her deepest darkest secret.

Vera was a diaper lover and had been experimenting for the past six months, ever since she had stumbled across a post about it on fetlife. The first time she had soaked a depends pullup she was hooked. Two weeks ago she had broken down and tearfully confessed her desire to be forced to helplessly disgrace herself to Liu. Her only response was a firm reassuring hug and the words “Well now I know what to do for our anniversary. She had though that her girlfriend being called into work last night was the end of that. She shouldn’t have under estimated Liu. Vera thinks smiling to herself.

