Promises Are Made to be Broken - Page 2

Author: laposit19

*029*2020-10-03 23:51

I know it’s been awhile - the year has gotten crazy for me as I’m sure it has for many of you as well. Here’s the next installment - since it’s been so long, if people don’t want to see more I’ll end it as is and move on to other stories. Otherwise, I have more chapter ideas waiting (and I may write some other content at the same time).

Later that summer, we all went down to the beach to stay at a house. Emily’s mom rented it every year, and had invited us to stay the whole week. It wasn’t too far from where we all lived full-time, which meant lots of friends filtered in and out.

When everyone had slowly woken up on July 5th, Isabelle tried to sneak to the laundry room and drop her wet sheets before anyone noticed they were hers. Emily had guessed that she’d tried to hide her accident, so she had strategically woken up a little early and was sitting in the kitchen and talking to some of the moms and I when Isabelle tiptoed down the stairs. When she saw everyone chatting over coffee, she quickly (but quietly) tried to turn around before being noticed, but Emily made sure to say something.

“Hey Iz! Welcome to the land of the living! How’d ya sleep?” At that, the moms turned around and saw a fire-faced Isabelle holding a big ball of sheets. She seemed frozen to the spot and no noise came from her slightly agape mouth. My mom noticed the sheets and was confused.

“Everything all good with your bed? You don’t have to strip it now, I can do it later!” Isabelle still hadn’t moved - now everyone knew which sheets were hers and it would be obvious that she’d peed in her sleep. Finally, she showed a little smile and thanked my mom before turning around to climb the stairs again. But, it seemed Emily had been waiting for this moment.

“Iz, is your butt wet?” Isabelle whirled around so that her butt was no longer facing the kitchen, but the damage had been done. Her mom slowly stood.

“Honey, did you have an accident in your sleep?” Isabelle just looked down at the bundle in her arms and sniffled, which made it abundantly clear what had happened. At that moment, Audrey was coming downstairs for coffee.

“Hell yeah she did, and she even peed on me a little.” Isabelle’s mom went up to her daughter who still stood damply on the stairs.

“Here, let me take these and wash them. You go get in the shower and change.” Isabelle seemingly was reluctant to hand over the sheets but finally did after a few seconds. Clearly she was trying to hide her very wet shorts and shirt, but once her cover was gone she sprinted upstairs and disappeared into the bathroom. Her mom apologized to mine, who waved it off.

“I’m gonna have to take them to the doctor’s - I have no clue what’s going on, but this cannot keep happening.” Then her mom turned to Emily.

“Em, make sure you go to the bathroom before we leave. And stop drinking coffee, we can’t have you having an accident both ways now.” Emily turned a little red, hoping to hide her unfortunate car ride from the other moms.

“Gawd mom, I’m not 5! I can handle myself.” But even so, she hopped up and walked to the bathroom. Her mom turned to mine and sighed.

Back in the present, in the beach house, I had come up with a plan. Since Emily had taken extra opportunities for me to make her pee her pants and wear Goodnites, I wanted to similarly extend the deal with Isabelle. When I put my plan in motion, it was early in the week, and my cousins and a handful of Emily and Isabelle’s friends had come to visit for a day or two. Emily was already down at the beach, and I approached Isabelle as she was filling her water bottle in the kitchen.

“So, ready for the next part of the deal?” She turned to me, eyes wide.

“Oh come on, please no!” I chuckled and shook my head.

“Nope, a deal’s a deal. You’ve gotta wear a Goodnite for 24 hours.” Her eyes somehow got even wider.

“No way! We’re going to the beach! That would look so weird and obvious beneath a bathing suit, literally no possible way I’m doing that. Can I wear it for the times we’re not at the beach?” Part 1 was a success, I thought to myself. Although I liked how she tried to bargain with me.

“Nope, it has to be 24 hours. So you’re gonna take another three of those?” She rolled her eyes.

“Apparently I have to! But, if I had agreed, where would you even get - oh, right, almost forgot.” She remembered that we had some in the house. When my mom and aunt had gone upstairs on July 5th to investigate the damage to Isabelle’s mattress, they encountered a sleeping Sophia with the waistband of her pull-ups riding up. Surprised and annoyed, my aunt woke Sophia up and questioned her, but my cousin’s case wasn’t helped by the clearly used puffiness between her legs. As punishment, Sophia had to wear pull-ups to bed for the rest of the summer and therefore had some at the beach house with her.

“Ok Isabelle, then you have to pee your pants when we’re playing cards later.” She groaned and took a sip of water.

“Nope, can’t do it.” I waited for more explanation but she didn’t give it.

“Why not? You really want three more of those too?” She looked around hurriedly before coming closer. I could smell the perfume she had sprayed despite the fact that we were going down to the beach. She spoke under her breath.

“It would be really hard for me or Emily to wet ourselves this vacation - Mom said that if we do it again, she’s putting us in....Depends! For a full week!” I raised my eyebrows - this was quite the development. She withdrew and went back to packing her beach bag.

“Interesting, well then you better be careful with what you drink, huh?” She gave me a jokingly dark glance and we headed down to the beach.

Later that night, we started playing the card game we’d mentioned earlier. Of course, it had major drinking components but we played that lightly until the parents had gone to bed. My aunt had pulled Sophia aside quickly before heading upstairs and had received an annoyed and hushed “I know, Mom!” for her efforts.

The group was pretty big, consisting of my family, Emily’s family, Lydia’s friends Eliza, Audrey, and Claire, Sophia, and Emily’s friends Jasmine and Kelly. Kelly and I had had some history, and by the looks I was getting I sensed it could continue tonight. So I was a little preoccupied when I suddenly heard an odd conversation playing out.

“If you make me drink that, I’ll slap you in the face.” Andy was talking to Isabelle, as she was trying to make her very underage brother even more drunk than he was.

“For my drink, I choose....Andy!” And without a second of pause, Andy slapped Isabelle in the face, the sound ringing out across the living room. Isabelle was clearly not expecting it and looked stunned. The whole sequence of events caused us all to collapse in laughter. Which, naturally due to the alcohol and environment of the evening, quickly led to what sounded like a small faucet. Everyone was too busy laughing to know who it was but when they heard that we all laughed even harder.

After we had all calmed down, I looked around. Emily and Isabelle were staring at each other, trying to figure out if one of them was going to be in Depends for the rest of the vacation. Jasmine and Sophia looked slightly blushed, which could’ve been from the laughter, and Lydia and her friends were still residually chuckling and gasping for air. I noticed Kelly looking at me seductively, and I gave her a little squeeze on the thigh while glancing at her (dry) crotch.

Finally, after Emily and Isabelle had figured out neither was at fault this time, Emily spoke up.

“So, who was it?” Audrey raised her hand.

“Yeah yeah it was me. I definitely need to change.” Eliza looked at her and laughed.

“Damn Audrey, this always happens to you! Although I should pee now, before I join the washing machine club.” They both walked upstairs, one with tightly crossed legs under a short skirt and the other with long, dripping light-colored jeans. Kelly turned to me and whispered.

“I gotta pee too, I’ll be right back after Eliza’s done.” I smirked back.

“Sounds good, at least you haven’t already gone in your pants.” Kelly chuckled.

“I know right! Gotta say though, I would’ve bet good money it was Jasmine. She’s been peeing her pants so much lately!” I raised an eyebrow and she looked surprised.

“What, you didn’t know? Yeah, beginning towards the end of the school year she just started having accidents in her underwear. Nobody knows why, including her, but now she brings spare pants everywhere like a kindergartner. Plus, when they’re going out, I hear her mom makes her wear diapers! Like, the pull-up kind.” It all made sense now. The time Isabelle had peed herself (at my demand), Jasmine had had extra pants and wouldn’t stop fidgeting with the bottom of her dress. I glanced over to where she and Emily were whispering. Her crotch seemed dry, but was she wearing protection? I had no way of finding out, but I was definitely going to ask Emily later.

Eliza and Audrey came back to the game, one with new sleep shorts. Eliza sat down, relieved.

“Damn that was a funny slap - if leaks counted I would be in trouble!” We laughed at that seemingly harmless comment, and Kelly hopped up to go to the bathroom. As I watched her figure shuffle away, I thought back to what Isabelle had said earlier. Maybe my pull-up threat wasn’t the worst one after all.

*034*2020-11-21 16:09

Here’s the next chapter - I have a few more I’m working on but may also start another story at the same time.

After the game had wrapped up, everyone began to make their way to bed. I had (pretty easily) convinced Kelly to stay in my room that night instead of with Emily and Jasmine, so I knew my evening was not yet done. But there were a couple of things I wanted to ask Emily before I went to my room for the night, so as we were going upstairs I tapped her on the shoulder and asked if she wanted to chat on the deck. She raised an eyebrow but agreed that we’d meet in 20 minutes, once everyone had gone to bed.

I told Kelly I had to talk with a friend from home on the phone, and slipped out into the warm night. Emily was close behind. We sat on the edge of the deck, our legs dangling over the sand.

“What’s up? Why the chat request? I know you have Kelly waiting up for a funnnn night.”

I laughed shortly. “Oh my night isn’t even close to over. Something Isabelle said earlier surprised me and I just wanted to ask you about it.”

She raised an eyebrow, waiting for me to continue.

“She had mentioned that if you or her wet your pants again, your mom is gonna make you wear Depends for a week.” Emily turned a little red in the poor lighting and looked at her hanging feet. After a moment, she responded.

“Yeah, it’s true. She’s really confused and annoyed that girls our age are all of a sudden having accidents with this kind of regularity. She says it’s an embarrassment for her and for us.” Emily still hadn’t looked up from her feet.

“So, what does that mean for our deal?” I probed lightly. She looked up at the stars, considering the question.

“I hadn’t thought about that at all. I mean, it’s gonna be tough to carry out.”

“Yes, tough, but you can’t just bail on the deal. I have an idea.” Finally, she looked at me, waiting for me to speak further.

“I know you’re gonna hate this, but hear me out. Whenever you pee your pants again, probably at my request, you’re gonna have to wear Depends. You might as well do it when you’re at a remote beach house surrounded by friends and family and not when you’re going back to school, because you know your mom will find a way to make sure this punishment continues then.” It slowly dawned on her what I was saying and she raised an eyebrow.

“Wait, are you enforcing part of the deal now? I am not wearing Depends for the rest of vacation!” I held out my hands in a steadying motion.

“Hear me out. What if you peed in your bed? That way, it would look like the alcohol just got to you and not really your fault. Listen, the way I see it you’re gonna have to wear these things at some point in order to hold up the deal. You might as well do it when there’s the least amount of embarrassment, which is this week.”

“So what, I just lay there and pee?” I nodded. She considered the logic, looking back at her feet, and returned eye contact. She sighed.

“I can not BELIEVE I’m saying this, maybe it’s the alcohol talking, but you have a decent point. Mom’s not cruel, I know she won’t make me wear it when I’m in my bathing suit. But I don’t wanna be the only one in a friggin diaper!! What about Isabelle?” I hadn’t thought about that. I was shocked that she had agreed to my plan, but quickly tried to think. Surprisingly, she spoke first.

“Hold up. We all drank a ton during that game, right? And we know what happened last time Isabelle drank a lot. What if we pulled the hand in hot water trick, which I’ve heard works on drunk people, and make her wet the bed? It wouldn’t count towards your deal because she wouldn’t know it was us, and she’ll also be in Depends!” I considered this and couldn’t see any possible downsides, really.

“Ok, but who’s gonna do the trick?” She smirked.

“Oh, I’ll let you do the honors.” At that I laughed and we started to get up.

“Take a look at these pajamas and use your imagination, because I doubt you’ll get to see them wet in the morning.” She smiled wickedly and did a little twirl. I grabbed her waist and stopped her.

“Oh I’ll be okay. This is gonna be a plenty visually entertaining week.” She shuddered and we went back upstairs.

Deep into the night, I slowly crawled out of bed. Kelly fell asleep quickly, which was a huge break. I crept soundlessly into the kitchen and grabbed a cereal bowl from a cabinet. The entire house was completely motionless. I zipped up the stairs on the balls of my feet and slid into the bathroom. After testing the water for a few minutes, I had my instrument in hand.

As I padded down the hall and towards the bedrooms, I paused outside of Emily’s. Briefly, I considered using the trick on her too, if only to imagine her feeling of surprise when she woke up already wet. But I figured the risk was too high, and the water was starting to cool, so I moved on.

I poked my head into the girls’ room, as the door was thankfully already ajar. It was a bunk bed setup, and fortunately Isabelle was on a bottom. I hadn’t thought the plan through enough to consider what would happen if she weren’t. Isabelle’s bed was towards the back, so I had to tiptoe past the other two beds to get there. Nobody stirred.

Isabelle was sleeping on her side, curled away from me. I silently reached over and placed the bowl on the bed next to her. She had none of the blankets on, given the summer weather, and the rhythmic heaves of her chest revealed her alcohol-fueled deep sleep. As slowly as I could, I grabbed the tips of one of her hands and carefully submerged them in the water.

Nothing happened. I considered that a win, as I figured it wouldn’t be immediate. Given the adrenaline and the loud, excited pulses in my ears, I knew I wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep. Instead, I slowly sat on the ground, leaned against the bed frame, and waited.

I had almost dozed off, a critical error if it had come to pass, when I began to hear a whisper from behind me. I jumped up and looked.

Isabelle’s light gray pajama shorts were dry, but even as I was watching I heard the whisper increase to a hiss. A puddle emerged beneath her hip as she soaked her pants, spreading across the top of the sheets. It crept up her body towards her exposed stomach and spread out across the bed. It didn’t take long for quiet to reclaim the room - she had quickly, and clearly, drenched herself. I delicately placed her hand into her puddle and removed the bowl before leaving the room.

Oddly, I heard another hiss.

This one was muffled, but definitely a similar noise. I turned around and looked, but there was no way to figure out its origin. It seemed to be coming from a bottom bunk, which would have been Sophia or Eliza. As the noise disappeared, I left, figuring I’d find out in the morning. I quietly crawled back into bed with the naked Kelly, and excitedly drifted off to sleep.

The beginning of the morning wasn’t too eventful. I had woken up early to make sure I didn’t miss any of the action, but nobody else was out of bed yet. I went downstairs and was soon joined by the moms, my brother and his friends. It seemed the girls were sleeping a little late.

At 9:30 or so, Audrey was finally the first one to leave the girls’ room. But instead of going to take a shower or freshen up, she came directly downstairs and whispered in Isabelle’s mom’s ear. Nobody else paid it much mind as we were eating breakfast, but she slowly nodded, stood up, and followed Audrey back into their room. As I knew what was coming, I paid close attention to what was happening on the second floor.

After fifteen minutes or so, a tearful Isabelle wandered out of her room with her head down, staring at her armful of sheets and followed by her mom. Again, no one really noticed as she wasn’t loud about it, but I certainly did as she descended the stairs quickly and quietly, her shame clutched to her chest. As she turned around to head to the laundry room, I saw what I had done. He shorts were still damp, and a very large circle ran up her butt and side. I smirked - the show wasn’t over yet.

As Isabelle’s mom walked behind her, Jasmine came out of her room and tapped her on the shoulder. She then also proceeded to whisper in her ear. The mom’s eyebrows show up - clearly she was surprised that her girls had both woken up in wet beds. As Isabelle headed down the stairs, her mom turned around and followed Jasmine into their room.

What happened was nearly a carbon copy of 10 minutes prior. Emily left her room, tears in her eyes and sheets in her hands. As she went to come downstairs, Isabelle was going back up. She saw Emily’s predicament and became wide-eyed, but Emily just let out a sniffle and slipped past. Clearly she had peed laying on her back, as her entire butt and upwards were drenched. Based on the wetness, it was obvious it had happened more recently.

I waited for the other source of the hissing to leave the girls’ room, but everyone exited in a relatively normal fashion. Isabelle and Emily stayed upstairs to shower, while their mom came down and grabbed her car keys.

“I’ve gotta run to the pharmacy to grab some stuff - anyone need anything?” The other moms shook their heads, and off she went.

After their showers, Isabelle and Emily went back into their rooms. That gave me the opportunity to take my own morning shower. As I went to step in, I noticed the top of a Goodnite in the trash can, covered by dry toilet paper. After moving this aside, I could see why. The pull-up was completely soaked. And so, the source of the hissing had been found - my cousin had clearly, once again, peed her bed while drunk. Feeling bad for her as she was soon to return to college, I hopped under the running water.

As I regained my spot at the breakfast table, Isabelle and Emily’s mom returned. She had two large bags, each with a rectangular package. She turned upstairs and walked into Isabelle’s room. After a few minutes, she exited with only one bag and carried out a similar pattern in Emily’s. She came back downstairs and we all decided to play some yard games outside for a little.

After a little, the girls came outside together. Of course, my eyes went directly for their waistbands. Emily was wearing short jean shorts and a flowery shirt, which concealed hers nicely. Isabelle was wearing a sundress and had her hands at her sides, constantly pulling down the hem. They made eye contact with their mom before dropping their gaze, a clear sign of adherence to the punishment.

I grabbed Emily’s arm as she walked by and asked if she wanted to make a couple of drinks with me. She sighed, looked down, and agreed. As soon as we walked back inside, I had to ask.

“Well? What happened?”

“I did as we discussed. When I woke up, I tried to stay as still as possible and wet my pants. After Jasmine woke up, I pretended to cry and told her what happened. She got mom, who was NOT happy, and mom got us these.” At this she flashed me her waistband very quickly. To the untrained eye, Emily had chosen a white pair of underwear but I could tell the texture was clearly different. She continued.

“She told us we have to wear them the whole vacation aside from when we’re in our bathing suits. If we have an accident, which I can’t believe she even said, but if we do we have to tell her. Then she’ll extend the punishment by a week. Isabelle is super upset, she thinks she’s got this problem now where she can’t drink without peeing her bed. Although I guess Sophia also did and comforted her in the morning, which was helpful I think. But I mean - we didn’t pack clothes knowing this. It’s gonna be so hard for people not to notice!” She grabbed the bottle of vodka from the cabinet and started to make a couple of summery drinks.

“Maybe, but you’ll live. Besides, people know you guys have peed your pants recently so it won’t be out of the blue.” I clearly said it jokingly but I still received a dark look. She then came closer and whispered.

“Hey listen, I have a question. I don’t know why I’m telling you of all people, but Jasmine has had some trouble with wetting her pants recently. Her mom is making her wear pull-ups during big public events and to bed so she doesn’t embarrass herself. She’s getting really concerned about my accidents...can I tell her about the deal? I promise I won’t tell her the cause or anything but I just want to let her know most of it’s not my fault! Plus that more is....you know....probably coming.” I had to think on that. On one hand, it would be one fewer person that thought the accidents were real. On the other, maybe I’d get to see Jasmine (who was a dancer and quite attractive in her own right) in pull-ups. Of course, that side won out.

“Okay, but you have to make sure she knows the accident you had on the way up to the lake was real. Plus, you need to make up another real one so it’s two and two.” She rolled her eyes.

“Fine, deal. But I do appreciate it, thanks. Ugh this week is gonna suck now.” And with that, she left with her drink, leaving me to grab mine and follow her, my eyes on her subtly padded butt the whole time.

