Through the Storm - Page 3

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*050*2018-01-01 23:13

As she squeezes Bri she’s bouncing on her feet a little bit. “I’m actually super executed to meet another off-worlder, besides mom I mean, I’ve only met like two.”

“Can I ask you something what’s it’s like eating at a McDonalds, Gwen says they suck but I’ve always been curious.” Gwen has a bemused smile on her face “Callie is high-functioning autistic. We’ve known since she was two and was delayed when it came to talking, and would often scream or rock when upset. Then there was the time when she was three and got into a box of parts for a project I was working on and sorted them by shape. We took her to a neurologist in the capital who had trained off world just to be sure after that happened and to get her started on a behavioral therapy program. She’s actually amazing at math and has been able to do calculus since she was twelve.”

“Mommmmm!”

“Sorry sweetheart, didn’t mean to embarrass you just wanted to bring Bri up to speed since she’s going to be living with us”

“It’s okay just, that’s such a Mom thing.” Callie huffs a little bit. “Well, I’m going to go help Bri get cleaned up.” Liam chimes in “Sounds good mom, I haven’t slept all night so I’m going to crash.”

“Ditto”

“Sounds like the kids have the right plan love.”

“Okay dear follow me, bathrooms straight ahead at the end of the hall.” An exhausted Bri follows Gwen as the others head for bed.

&&

*055*2018-01-02 01:20

Gwen leads Bri through a set of swinging wooden doors decorated with a trident wielding merman and mermaid that opens into a magnificent spa like room that causes her eyes to go wide and her jaw slack. The center piece is a large tub that borders on a small swimming pool. Water circulates through it continuously with hot fresh water pouring from a large brass chute into the tub and exiting through an outlit at the other end. Bri’s eyes continue to rove across the room taking everything in, while Gwen stands off to the side smiling. 

The room is completely tiled in a light almost but not quite sky blue with gold and green arabesque like patterns interposed throughout. The entire room is furnished in teak and brass. In the right corner directly across the from the door is an area in closed by frosted glass. Going counter clockwise the next thing she notices are a cluster of shower heads in the center right corner followed by a sitting area of low couches, another screened glass area but missing a door, and finally a small area of gym equipment. “Holey Shit!”

“This is freaking unbelievable!” Gwens grin widens “We only have one bathroom in the entire house, but we go all out with it.”

Bri’s faces slowly moves through several expressions, starting with intense concentration and ending with confused surprise. “So, do you guys like, bathe together?”

“Yep.”

“Okay that’s super weird! Sorry didn’t mean to be rude. Just a bit of culture shock, coming from middle of nowhere Indiana. Also, my folks were big on the religion so…” Gwen laughs. “It’s okay it took me a hell of a long time to get used to bathing with Renny’s family, even though they were super nice about it and made it clear it was always my choice. And I grew up with a pair of old hippies in Brooklyn.” Gwen has a look of playful teasing on her face. “So, you would get naked with your in-laws and take a bath together?”

“Yep, like I said it was weird at first but after a while it became really nice. Communal bathing and grooming, particularly with family, is a huge part of the culture in the Fey Lands.”

“So, your wife isn’t human?”

“Nope she’s a gnome.”

“But I thought based on their looks, Callie and Liam are your biological children?”

“Magic” Gwen says with a mischievous naughty grin on her face. “Ah, that’s actually really cool. So, the whole bathing situation? Sorry I kinda got us on a tangent.”

“It’s okay dear. So, as I was saying… In Gnomish society they don’t traditionally have an idea of a room set aside simply for urination or defecation the way we do on earth. Instead a large single-family home or several smaller apartments will have a spacious room that is dedicated to the care and health of the entire body. Yes, there will be a screened off area for taking care of your business but that’s only a small part of it. There are typically areas for bathing, exercising, a sauna and other spa type stuff, areas for lounging where people give each other massages, masturbate or have sex….”

“They do it in front of each other!!?”

“Yes dear, sex and masturbation are just considered one more of the body’s functions and nothing to be ashamed of or hide from other people.”

“Sorry to interrupt it’s just…”

“Culture shock, I’ve been there” Gwen says with a bemused expression.

“Although a lot of the times the lounge area isn’t even used for sex, gnomes will go there if their feeling down to just have someone hug them or platonically cuddle. It’s not uncommon for people to ask complete strangers for hugs if there having a difficult day.”

“That actually sounds really awesome!”

“It is…”

“Which brings me to a question I wanted to ask.”

“Do you want me to bathe you?” Despite knowing where this was going Bri is still a bit flustered. Normally she would never even consider the idea, but she is currently splayed on a bench by the entry way almost too exhausted to move. Last night she could have died. Right now, having someone hold and gently touch her while sitting in a warm bath sounds wonderful. “I can’t believe I’m saying this but, I’d really like that.”

“Well then let’s get you out of those dirty clothes, rinsed off and into the tub.” Gwen says, happy for the chance to bond with the potential newest member of her family.

*056*2018-01-02 02:48

“So if you can just sit up for me real quick, Bri.” Gwen walks up to her and unhooks the straps of her overalls and pulls them down to her waist exposing her “Sisters of the Elder Fire” t-shirt. “Oooh, I love that band, Callie got some of their CDs for her 15th birthday from a dimensional trader. We’ve have sung along out of key to ‘Righteous Anger Victorious’ while driving into town more often than I can count!”

“You’re a Fire Sister?! No way!”

“Yep, way” Bri and Gwen grin like idiots at each other as they fist bump. “Okay now I just need to lie back real quick and lift your but. Bri does so and Gwen hauls her overalls down and off in one swift motion. Getting a clear look at Bri’s formerly white panties, now stained almost completely yellow, in the process. “And if you can sit back up and lift your arms.” Bri’s t-shirt goes up and off, exposing her bright pink sports bra. Gwen smiles encouragingly. “So how do want to handle the whole poop situation. I’m assuming that if I just drop my undies it’s going to go everywhere.”

“Don’t you worry, I’ve got a plan.” Gwen says as she helps Bri up and let’s her lean on her shoulder as they walk over to the area screened by frosted glass. Bri doesn’t actually need the assistance walking but it is nice to be held….

*058*2018-01-02 04:06

{{33 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is so good

}}

How do you like the set up I'm doing with the Gnomish culture?

*060*2018-01-02 05:58

As they enter the area screened off by the two glass walls Bri looks around confused. This looks like it should be the bathroom proper and the six sinks line up against the wall look normal enough but…. Instead of a standard toilet there are six brass troughs with a pipe sticking up behind them and what looks like a little nozzle coming off the pipe. “So are these like, Japanese toilets?”

“In this case Gnomish but same basic principal.”

“Squat toilets are also fairly popular in France and Greece in addition to Asia and Africa because some perceive them to be more hygienic, sense you don’t actually touch the thing. The reason we have them is that Renny insists that she gets constipated if she uses sit toilets regularly and I can never say no to her. It’s that damn face and those big eyes. She pouts, and I just melt. It’s just to God damn cute. Gwen smiles fondly and at the memory and Bri can’t help but grin herself.

“So how do I use one?” Bri says eyeing the strange toilet suspiciously. “Once you get yourself positioned it’s actually as natural as breathing. Just give me one second and I’ll explain. Lift your arms.” Bri does so and finds her bra whisked up and over her head. She stands there blushing. “No need to be embarrassed dear, you have a lovely bust, C-cup? “Yeah…”

“There perfect love, you have nothing what so ever to be ashamed of.” Bri blushes even deeper as Gwen tosses her bra into a large laundry hamper. “Besides I’m about to let the girls out myself.” Gwen’s white dress shirt soon joins Bri’s bra. Gwen’s is lavender colored cotton with no wiring and it to goes into the bin with the other bits of clothing. Bri catches herself staring for a second before turning away. “

I appreciate you respecting my privacy and space dear, that’s what you should do. But I’m letting you know it’s okay if you want to look. It’s perfectly natural to be curious the first time you see someone naked or half naked in my case.” Bri accepts the invitation and takes in the sight of Gwen topless. Her chestnut hair freed from its bun hangs just past her shoulder’s, her kind smiling face is warm, friendly and has more lines from laughing then frowning.” Bri’s gaze shifts lower “Their Ds if your curious love” Gwen teases. They are quite firm and only beginning to show the effects of gravity, although her large perky nipples seemed to miss the memo entirely. And finally her stomach which has a little paunch and the ghost of stretch marks that have faded with time but will always be there. A reminder of the pain and joy of labor and delivery. Bri can’t help but find these things adorable and endearing.

“Your amazing” Bri stammers surprising herself. This time it’s Gwen who blushes. “Thank you, that so sweet. But enough flattery love, let’s get you cleaned up.” Bri has a puzzled look on her face as Gwen brings over a pair of safety scissors and a trashcan. “You particular attached to these panties dear?”

“No?”

“Good, that makes this a lot easier.” She slides the trashcan underneath Bri and stands behind her. she can see that the formerly white high cuts are stained mostly brown in the back. Snip, Snip two cuts at the waist band above the hips and the ruined panties, plus most of Bri’s mess, falls into trash with a wet, plop! “And now for squat toilet 101” Gwen says in a playful teasing fashion.

*062*2018-01-02 15:09

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol Now onto the squat toilets professor Gwen =P

}}

I love the professor Gwen comment :), actually she does have her Ph.D

*064*2018-01-02 17:42

Gwen leads Bri over to the toilets “So what you do is stand where the feet are.” Gwen points to a couple of oversized tiles with yellow cartoons of feet on them on either side. “Then squat down however much feels comfortable.” Bri positions herself above the toilet adopting a moderately deep squat. “And now you just let nature take its course.”

“Oh, you actually want me to go? With you here?”

“If you need to sweet heart. I can step out if that makes you more comfortable. Eventually though with this setup someone is going to walk in on you doing your business. I figured it would be less mortifying if it was just me the first time it happens.”

“That actually makes a lot of sense, I just need a minute to get things going.”

“No problem, take as much time as you need.” Bri spends several minutes trying to calm her shy bladder before she is rewarded with a spray of pee that goes on for a full minute, ringing and splattering as it hits the brass.

Bri thinking that she is finished starts to stand up… but her colon isn’t done with her just yet and before she can stop herself she lets out a loud wet ripping fart as something hits the toilet with a messy sounding splat. Worse yet Bri knows that from where she’s standing Gwen can probably see everything. Unable to hold back Bri feels a massive log snaking its way out of her as a smell like rotten eggs and week-old takeout fills the room. Both Bri and Gwens noses are scrunched up as the massive load plops into toilet. “I am so sorry.”

“Why? Everyone poops, and everyone farts. I bet it felt good to let out that big shart earlier. And yes dear, I did get the full view of your cute little anus pushing out that massive poop. It didn’t bother me at all. It was adorable watching it contract and flex, I don’t know why I just find anuses funny. Every one’s got something that amuses their inner child I suppose.” Bri's face is about as red as it’s going get. “Well then you’re going to love this!” Bri says as she lets out several loud trumpeting farts. Both of them are laughing hysterically like five-year olds.

*066*2018-01-02 18:39

As the laughter dies down “So uh... how do I…”

“Right pedal flushes, left cleans your but.” Bri pushes the right pedal first flushing her massive load. Then she pushes the left and… makes a startled yelp as the spout she had noticed earlier shoots out an ice-cold jet of water, scoring a direct hit on her anus.” Gwen is grinning with amusement as Bri shoots her a steely glare. “It can be a bit Bracing the first time you use it…” Bri leans forward a little this time as she presses the pedal. After a bit the water warms up and Bri begins to enjoy the feeling as it cleans her crevice. Gwen points to a small wand in a side holder not unlike the spray attachments you see on some sinks. “You can use that to get you're front or for detail work, mind if I?....”

“Uh okay sure.” Gwen takes the spray wand and hoses down Bri’s kitten causing her to let out a little gasp her face burning with embarrassment. Gwen then blasts the remaining mess off of Bri’s cheeks before giving her crevice one final rinse.

“So how do you guys not all have soaked pants if this how you clean up every time you take a dump?” Gwen reaches to a small brass stand next to the toilet and grabs a large wash cloth. It is orange and white striped with a red C monogramed on it. “We each have a stack of these that gets washed at the end of the week. This is Callie’s because she normally uses the closest toilet. But you can borrow any of ours until we get you your own set. Just toss them in the hamper when you’re done. When you have your own, you can typically get away with one per day.”

“Got it” Bri says as Gwen gently pats her intimate areas dry, before tossing the used cloth into the hamper.

*069*2018-01-02 18:56

Glad everyone's enjoying Bri's fun and games with Gnomish toilets ;)

*071*2018-01-02 19:55

As Bri stands up Gwen notices that she looks some what distant. “You okay?”

“Yeah it’s just… You and your whole family have been really, super, awesome and great, it’s just I still feel humiliated over what happened tonight. I’m supposed to be an adult now; but you had to undress me, show me how to use the toilet, and clean my mess off my ass.”

“I know it sucks Bri but I’m not sure what else I can say to reassure you that I don’t think any less of you. Although there is something I can do!” Bri has a look of puzzlement on her face as Gwen spreads her arms and legs wide, a big grin plastered on her face. Then the crotch of her kaki cargo pants darkens noticeably as a growing wet patch appears. Bri watches in astonishment at the wet stain travels down her legs darkening the inseam of her pants. Finally, there is a gentle pattering sound as a pool of pee forms at her feet as she finishes. “You just wet your pants!”

“Yep, and it feels really nice and warm” Gwen says as she rubs her soaked groin and moans theatrically. A look of understanding appears on Bri’s face. She smiles and begins to laugh at the absurdity of the situation. “Now there’s a proper smile! Well then…. If you liked that you’re going to love this!”

Gwen drops her pants revealing pair of plain lavender panties that are now several shades darker. Gwen turns around, bends over and lets out several loud grunts, punctuated by the occasional rumbling fart; as she fills her panties with a massive load of her own. Bri can see them expanding as they struggle to contain the load. Ten minutes pass before Gwen loudly grunts, her stomach rumbling and gurgling as she makes one last push. “Well that feels better.” Gwen slaps her but, which makes a wet squishing sound and causes a dark brownish yellow stain to appear on the back of her soiled underwear. Bri can only stare in astonishment for a minute “Oh…. Uhhh.. Wow! That was…”

“You can go ahead a head and hop in the tub sweetie, I’ll be along in a minute, I just need to rinse off.”

“Okay, right, bath now…” Gwen watches Bri stumble off to the bath a look of satisfaction on her face. “I think I finally got through to that girl.”

*072*2018-01-02 21:20

Stepping into the tub Bri finds that it’s deep enough to swim in and she does a few laps before going to float on her back. The water temperature is perfect and Bri finds herself wanting to drift off to sleep. It’s at this point that Gwen walks. She can’t help but think how cute Bri looks as she floats there. She’s not a model but her long lanky limbs toned from shop work and time outdoors combined with her youthful breasts and brown pixie cut hair give her the look of young colt who could start galloping at any minute.

Bri shyly takes in Gwens naked figure as well. Her toes are painted a deep purple and her hips while carrying some extra weight only serve to enhance her looks giving her visible curves. Her sex has a neat short bush of brown hair above large meaty pink lips. Noticing Bri’s attention she grins and turns around, flashing her a large cheeky moon before bending over, presenting mandrill like as she gives Bri an excellent view of her pink rosebud and sex. The girls break into a fit of shared giggles at this naughty display.

“Nice tat by the way” Bri says teasingly as she notices the tattoo of pixie that looks suspiciously like Renny kissing a full moon on Gwen’s left but cheek. “That’s got to have a story to it.”

“Oh, it certainly does, it’s quite the bawdy tail, involving a drunken bet made on our honeymoon, in a tropical port town filled with an equal mix of local salts and wild tourists.”

“I definitely want to heart about that at some point, but I’m actually kind of curious as to how you guys first met.” Gwen’s smile fades and her face takes on a pained stormy mien. Bri goes quite as she can tell that she has somehow accidentally touched on a sensitive area and has a confused and nervous expression on her face. Forcing cheerfulness “Come on dear let’s get that hair of yours washed!” as she motions for Bri to sit under the pouring water.

*073*2018-01-02 21:31

Just as a heads up next chapter is gonna get kinda heavy and might contain some potentially triggering scenes. So I wanted to include this post as a buffer in case you wanted to skip.

...................

......................

...........................

................................

...............................

..............................

*074*2018-01-02 22:06

Bri sits under the falling water as Gwen scrubs the shampoo into her hair. Things are less awkward, but Gwen still seems distant. Bri decides to let it go and just enjoy the simple pleasure of having someone wash her hair. Bri and Gwen make small talk and she tells Gwen a little bit about her life before falling through the rift. Gwen is mostly following the conversation but her mind is elsewhere as she thinks back to her first on day Solanus.

*076*2018-01-02 23:28

It was 1992 and Gwen Daniels was flying from New York to San Francisco. She had just completed her graduate work at CUNY in physical chemistry. After spending a couple weeks with family, she was looking forward to starting her postdoc fellowship at Berkley. Gwen was one of the 210 passengers on the fully booked flight. At 11:52 P.M. united flight 519 encountered a freak storm over the Rocky Mountains. The crew radioed to report severe turbulence and strange yellow green and dark purple clouds.

At 12:20 A.M. all radio contact ceased, and the plane disappeared from radar. No debris were ever located from United 519, despite a massive multimillion dollar search of the entire four corners region and the use of satellite imagery. The weather was severe, but it was a brand-new plain with a veteran crew. No one was sure how this could have happened. There were all kinds of outlandish theories about the fate of flight 519. But even the wildest conspiracies were nowhere close to the insanity of what had actually happened.

United flight 519 had found it’s self the victim of freak wormhole that transported it to another world… and an active battle field. The crew disorientated after flying through a strange blue vortex that appeared out of nowhere, looked around to see a sky filled with exploding shells whistling past them. United flight 519 was now flying over the war-torn country of Brosnaw. Captain Andrews, just back from flying air cover in the gulf, reacted immediately going evasive and squawking a mayday call. 

But even his experience, quick thinking and bravery wasn’t enough to save united 519. A loud roaring sound filled the cabin, along with the screech of tearing metal. Alarms blared as massive talons peeled off a section the fuselage and the cabin instantly depressurized. Gwen’s chair snapped loose with a scream of sheering metal and she found herself sucked out of the cabin and tumbling freely through the night sky. The last thing she remembers seeing was an enraged elder red dragon tearing united 519 to shreds as pieces of flaming wreckage and disturbingly human looking shapes fell to earth.

Somehow, either by a fluke of random chance, luck, fate, or a miracle; Gwen survived the several thousand-foot fall. When she came to she was still strapped into her chair bobbing gently in the shallows of a large river. But she wasn’t safe yet. Artillery and spellfire, fell periodically all around her as she struggled to shore. Making her way across an alien battlefield, bruised, battered, her clothes torn, bleeding, and covered in mud; Gwen desperately searched for a safe place to hide. She found it when she stumbled across an abandoned bunker, the scorched remains of a siege gun poking out the front. Climbing inside she drifted off to sleep, exhausted, as the guns of Brosnaw continued to rumble like distant thunder.

As the light of dawn breaks over the horizon a battle mage strike team from the coalition of nations was looking for a place to stop recharge their spell energy and catch their breath. They had received a sending about a freak dimension rift and an off-world aircraft apparently being destroyed by a rogue dragon who had been looting the conflict zone. They were still surprised to see a sleeping civilian in the bunker they had planned to take cover in. Gwen was naturally freaked out from being woken up by strange soldiers, but they managed to calm her down and explain the basics of what was happening. The leader of that team was a young Renny Finnthighearn.

