Harry's Desperate Search (Harry Potter Fanfiction)

Author: Lils

*000*2018-07-04 20:13

He would not do it, he had promised himself last time, Harry told himself while he was laying in bed in the early morning. His hand lay on his abdomen, on top of his slightly swollen bladder. Last time was the last time, he did not need it. In the dorm room he heard the slow breathing of his sleeping dormmates. The sounds of the night, as owls hooted in the dark sky. And once again he stroked his full bladder, preparing his body to just get up, get out of bed and go to the toilet. But het could not bring himself to doing so.

He still remembered the first time. Well, not the first time of course, but the Dursleys did not count as long as he was in Hogwarts. As long as he was in the magical world, the Dursleys did not exist - that was the way to survive, the way to live, the way to actually be a somewhat normal teenager; pretending that the Dursleys did not exist. No, his first time was when he was staying with the Weasleys: He had woken up early morning feeling disoriented in the bright orange room, sleeping on an actual mattress and under and actual blanket, while warmness was spreading around him. It took him five seconds to realise.

Five seconds to wake up and realise he was wetting the bed, and then he immediately stopped. He stepped out of the bed, glad that Ron was a deep sleeper and this snoring loudly. There was a large wet spot on the bed, that was slowly losing its shine because of the urine slowly being soaked up by the mattress. His front looked relatively okay, using his too hands he could hide the wet spot on his treadable grey trainers, however his back was completely soaked. The light grey had turned dark all over his bum, and because of him jumping up there were a few tracks running down his leg untill his knees.

Harry had started acting on instict. He had ripped of the wet sheets from the bed, and taken them with him outside the room, starting to look for a washing machine. His pyjama pants were slowly turning cold, especially since it was not warm in England, although it was summer. He searched in the shed and in another downstairs room for a washing machine, but could not find one. Tears started running down his face in frustration and fear. If the Weasleys were even the smallest bit like the Dursleys, he did not want to know what they were about to do when they discovered he had ruined one of their guest beds. Upon entering the kitchen, he stilled immediately, and started to breath heavily as he looked at the back of Molly Weasley, who had started breakfast for the Weasley brood. He slowly track to back away, and Molly did not notice him untill he bumbed into the side of the door.

Molly had turned around, "Oh, Harry, you are already awake!" She had exclaimed, before noticing the wet sheets in his arms and the fearfull look on his tear covered face. "I'm sorry sorry sorry." Harry began to mumble incoherently. "O sweat boy, it's okay, accidents happen." Molly had said, while taking a step towards Harry who was trying to dissapear into the kitchen wall. "Come here, let me solve this for you." she had said, while taking the wet sheets out of his shaking hands. Harry had immediately wrapped his arms around himself, as if hugging himself and protecting himself at the same time. Molly had taken the young boy in her arms, wet pants and all, and drawn him close to her. She had murmured sweets words of forgiveness and love for the small child to him, as he had slowly become less tense and relaxed into the hug.

It had happened sometimes after that as well. When he would sleep at the Weasleys, and get all pumpkin juice he wanted throughout the day, he would sometimes wake up -especially when he was having nightmares- either in a wet bed or wetting the bed. And every time Molly would comfort him, remind him that he was save and that he was a child and that accidents could happen. When he was there, in her arms, he didn't have to be the boy who lived, he didn't have to carry the world upon his shoulders. When Harry was hugged by Molly he could just be a child that had an accident, and a child that had an adult to take care of him.

Thinking of that feeling, of being a child and being taken care of, Harry almost involutarily let go of a spurt of pee, warming and dampening his boxers and the inside of his trainers. He knew last time hadn't been the last time. He needed to remember the feeling of safety again - with Sirius dead, Dumbledore ignoring him and havind to endure Snape's comments during the day, he needed a release. Slowly and carefully, he released more and more of his bladders content, untill he lay in a puddle of his own pee, surrounded by the warmth and wetness. He sighted and soaked in the feeling for a moment, before picking up his want to mutter the charm that would clean him and his bed up, before either got cold.

Then all that was left was the ghost of warm air, being left behind by the drying and cleaning charm Harry had perfected in his fourth year. He pushed a bit, and the tiniest bit of pee came out, just making his briefs slightly damp. And with that ghost of the "accident" he had just had, he felt into a peacefull sleep again, no longer dreaming of a dark lord chasing him, but of warm arms, caring words and adults that took care.

