Slave Seth - Chapter Three

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-06-19 04:51

Under Dean's bad influence, Seth got drunk. He also got high, and admittedly, he overdid it. Two hours in, and he was laying more than sitting in a booth, his formerly sharp black dress clothes were rumpled, and his shoes lay discarded under the table. Beside him, Dean was making wisecracks about Bray Wyatt, who was holding court across the room.

“How much bacteria do think is in that nasty beard?” Dean asked Seth, Roman, and Sheamus.

“Don't get me wrong, we all have some degree of a beard, but not like that, that's just...ewww.” Dean shuddered. “There's probably pieces of food in there and everything.”

“Like a whole turkey leg,” Roman quipped. “Thanksgiving leftovers!”

The foursome cracked up, then Sheamus exclaimed: “Fuck, I'm going to piss my trousers!”

Roman stood up to let Sheamus out of the booth, and shrugged. “Guess I might as well go too, as long as I'm already up.” He followed Sheamus, and left Dean and Seth sitting together.

Seth laughed. “Looks like we're dating.”

Dean shrugged, a faraway look in his glassy eyes. “They are. Well, maybe dating isn't the right word, but they've got something going on, Roman and Sheamus.”

“Oh yeah?” Seth asked. He liked hearing gossip.

“I think so. They've been spending a lot of time together. Are you feeling that underlying sexual tension pulsing between them?”

“Honestly, I'm not feeling much of anything right now,” Seth said, and giggled. “I'm so fucked up.”

Dean gave a small smile. “I'll bet. But, anyway, I still say they're lovers.” He looked down at his nearly-empty glass and pouted.

Suddenly, Seth realized that Dean was jealous; Dean had feelings for Roman that went beyond friendship and Shield brotherhood. Cute Dean had never hidden his bisexuality, and thanks to the internet, Seth's was no secret, either. Seth touched Dean's shoulder. “Want to go smoke another bowl?”

Dean didn't hesitate. “Yes, yes I would.”

Seth clumsily pulled his shoes on. He saw Dean looking at the door to the men's room, where they'd smoked earlier, and where Roman had followed Sheamus. Dean looked hurt. “We'll go out on the patio,” Seth said, quickly.

They had the patio to themselves. It was a windy night, and they had to huddle close, hands touching, to light Seth's glass pipe. Seth was aroused, being so close to Dean, smelling his cologne and shampoo, and the leather from his jacket.

After the hacking and coughing were over, Dean said: “I feel...better, thanks.”

They were still very close. The sexual tension between them was not underlying, it was so thick Seth swore he could almost see it. “Dean-”

Then they were kissing, frantically. Dean was a delightful kisser, Seth had always known he would be. Seth pulled him close and felt something hard pressed against him where he was hard.

“Mmmm...I had no idea you were bi, Seth!” Dean gushed.

“You little bullshitter,” Seth laughed.

“Okay, so I did know, I just didn't know you were into me.”

“Well, I am,” Seth announced. “So, what do you think?”

Dean hugged him tight and kissed him again. “I think it's great! I gotta ask: Are you a top, or a bottom?”

Seth thought of Mistress mounting him, and Master's old schnitzel in his mouth and giggled, giddy. “A bottom.”

“Thought so. I'm a switch.”

Before they could resume the make out session, another bottom entered the picture: Bo.

“Hey guys! Mind if I join the party?”

“Yes,” Dean replied, flatly.

“Oh, great!” Bo whooped, and slapped Dean's perfect ass playfully.

Seth got right in Bo's ugly face. “What he meant was yes we mind, as in get the fuck out of here, Bo!”

“Hey, I was just-”

Seth gave Bo a push towards the doors. “I said, get the fuck out of here, Bo!”

Bo backed away, palms up in submission, and went back inside.

“Who the fuck let him in anyway?” Dean asked.

“If I had to guess, big brother did. I didn't see his name on the guest list, that's for sure.”

Dean tried to open the patio door. “Little brother locked us out.” He banged on the door, but it was too loud inside for anyone to hear. He shifted his weight from foot to foot. “I gotta pee, too.”

“Someone will come out for a smoke soon,” Seth said. He wondered if the moment with Dean had been killed by Bo. If so, he would put an end to Bo's nearly non-existent career. Seth had an “in” with the Authority.

Dean paced back and forth. “Oh, fuck it, I'll just pee right here.”

Seth decided to test the waters, so to speak. “Can I aim for you?”

Dean broke into a huge smile. “Hell yeah! Never tried that before. C'mere and help me pee on this plant that looks like the Jolly Green Giant's pubes.” He gestured at a potted fern.

Seth laughed, and wrapped his arms around Dean's waist. He bent so he could see, well, somewhat, in the darkness, around Dean's shoulders. He watched Dean undo his jeans and pull down the front of his tighty-whities, and came down with a case of penis-envy; Dean was longer, fatter, and rock hard. Seth wrapped his hands around it, stroking and caressing it, and made Dean moan.

“I hate peeing with a hard on, but I have to go so bad.”

“Hurry up and piss, I want to play,” Seth said, and stroked Dean's cock. Precum, not piss, came out of it.

“Fuck, Seth, you're not helping! If you want me to pee, you have to stop playing.”

Seth forced himself to stop stroking Dean's hot cock, and loosened his hold on it. He felt Dean push, and a short, but forceful spurt of piss came out, which Seth was not able to guide to the fern, it went on the wall, instead. They laughed, and Dean tried again, but nothing.

“I guess I'm not very good at this, am I?” Seth asked, coyly.

“It's not your fault, it's this godawful hard on... Wait, it is your fault!” Dean playfully tickled him.

Seth giggled, and clutched at his sides.

“I need to calm down,” Dean admitted, and tucked himself back into his tight jeans. He winced.

Seth led him to a chair. “You look so uncomfortable.”

Dean nodded. “Throbbing cock in jeans like these; uncomfortable is an understatement.”

Seth, of course, had to grope. He was finding it hard to keep his hands off Dean. “Mmmmm.”

“Seth! You're not helping, again! Here I am, willing it to go down so I can finally pee, and you're trying to keep it hard.” Dean half-scolded, half-flirted. “Once I pee, I can play. I don't want to, you know, pee when we're doing something.”

“I did once,” Seth admitted. “But, oddly enough, I also had the most intense orgasm ever.”

“Hmmm, interesting. Mind telling me about it?”

Seth had to change up how it went down, of course, he couldn't give up his secret to Dean, who couldn't keep a secret. Not that Dean was intentionally a gossip, he just talked a lot, and sometimes his brain couldn't keep up with his mouth. “I was with this guy-”

“Someone from work?” Dean wanted to know.

“No, a Wall Street broker,” Seth lied.

Dean laughed. “Should've known you'd go high-class.”

“Yeah, you know me,” Seth smiled over his lie so easily bought and continued. “Anyway, he wouldn't let me take a piss before he mounted me. It was the most amazing, intense feeling I ever had. I pissed all over the bed, and came at the same time.”

“Wow...” Dean mused.

“Then, I got spanked for making the bed a mess, but I hardly felt it in the afterglow.”

“That was a hot story,” Dean commented. “I got spanked recently, too.”

Seth chuckled. “Yep, by Bo. Fifteen minutes ago. I was there.”

“That definitely doesn't count, for anything.”

“What did you get spanked for?” Seth wanted to know.

“My teacher spanked me for deploying my army of little soldiers in my pants. She ordered me not to cum, but pushed me to the edge. When I lost it, there was so much jiz I felt like I peed my pants. Looked like it, too.”

Seth kissed him softly. “You're so hot.”

“Teacher actually ordered me not to cum or masturbate for fifteen days after that, and I've got a week to go, and my balls are ready to pop,” Dean's hand automatically went to that area. “She didn't tell me I couldn't have someone else touch me, though, so I guess we're good there.”

“But what if I make you cum?”

“I'm sure you will, Seth. What teacher doesn't know won't hurt her.”

“You're such a bad boy.”

“I know. I'm going to try to pee again. You can watch, but it's probably best you don't touch.”

Seth followed back to the potted fern and watched while Dean watered it. “Better now?” He asked, when Dean had finished.

“Yeah, I think I lost ten pounds.”

“Good, my turn.” Seth undid his dress pants and began pissing into the fern.

“Damn, Seth, you've got a nice cock!”

Seth smiled. “The most famous in all of wrestling entertainment.” The fern was saturated, and piss began running out onto the patio. “Oops.”

“Bad boy,” Dean teased, and stepped out of the river's path.

“I know, I'm incorrigible.”

“Surprised you can pronounce that one.”

“I can pronounce anything when I'm not live. But, I've gotten better.” Seth shook off and put himself away. He smirked at the mess he and Dean had made. A stream ran all the way across the patio to pool in a corner. “I'm such a dirty boy.”

“Me, too,” Dean added, as he looked for a way off the patio.

“Yeah, you are. Bad influence, too.”

“I think we can get down if we jump on the dumpster. It's only five, maybe six feet,” Dean said, looking down into the alley.

Seth looked. “Yeah, we fly from higher than this. Look out! Superstar!” He shouted as he leaped. He landed solidly on the lid of the dumpster, and hopped down to the alley. “Come on, Dean!”

Dean jumped down, too, and they embraced and kissed again. Seth couldn't help but grope Dean again, too, and this time, Dean groped him back. They hurried across the street, where their rooms were booked, to Dean's room. As they frantically stripped each other, Seth barely heard Dean say he was sharing the room with Jey, but Jey seldom came back before four.

Naked and hard, Dean and Seth dove for the nearest bed. Dean produced a bottle of lube, and dripped some on to Seth. It was warm, and when Dean wrapped his hand around him, Seth was stunned by the pleasure. “Fuck, Dean...”

Dean smiled, sassy, and dripped some on himself. He guided Seth's hand to where it would pleasure him most, and thrilled Seth jerked him, sensually, slowly. Dean moaned. “Oh, Seth, sweetness, stop!”

Shocked, Seth pulled away, afraid he'd hurt Dean. But, he looked at Dean's squinted face and quivering muscles, and realized Dean was struggling not to cum. Although Seth remembered Dean telling him that he hadn't been able to cum for a week, forbidden to by his “teacher” (whoever that was, Seth still wondered), it was a feather in his cap of many that he'd made Dean feel that good; that he wanted to blow right away. Seth thrust his hips, fucking Dean's hand as he kissed him. “Mmmm, you're so fucking hot.”

“I don't want to cum yet,” Dean said.

“Can you stay hard and cum again once you do?”

“I did when I was a teenager, but now I need a break in between,” Dean admitted, and blushed.

“Me, too,” Seth said.

They cooled things a little, just kissing and petting, until Dean's trail of kisses found its way down Seth's belly to his cock. Seth wrapped his fingers in Dean's hair as Dean's lips wrapped around his cock, and everything else dissolved as Seth discovered the wonderment of Dean's delightful oral. Several times Seth thought that he, and even the world, would explode, and Dean would sense that, and switch his method, easing Seth off the peak before building him up again. Seth felt like his soul, his strength, his everything, was in Dean's skillful hands and mouth.

Seth began begging Dean to let him cum. He had never wanted to so badly before.

“Not yet,” Dean replied. But, he did cease playing, and laid down beside Seth, their hard cocks side by side.

“I feel so small next to you,” Seth admitted.

“Oh, shush,” Dean chided. “I don't have more than an inch or so on you. And, yours is sexier; I've got this big vein running right on the top of my shaft, and I hate how purple the head gets when I'm really horny.”

Seth looked. His cock was prettier. Both his, and Dean's, were drooling shiny precum. “Yours is still sexier to me,” he said.

Dean smiled, and they shared another kiss. Their cocks rubbed together, a hot sensation. Their precum mixed together in a musk, joining the cinnamon scent of Dean's lube.

“Let's see what I can do for you,” Seth drawled.

“Tie me up?” Dean asked, excitedly.

Seth grinned. Dean really was a dirty boy. “Sure, but with what?”

Dean produced a pair of handcuffs, and took his belt out of his discarded jeans. “You can use your belt on my other leg,” he said, brightly.

Awkwardly, Seth tied Dean to the bed. He'd never done that before; he'd always been the one tied down. But, he could see that Dean was excited, eyes aglow, and breathing fast.

Seth teased him, gently stroking Dean's hot body everywhere, besides his cock. Oh, he would come very close, and Dean would moan and his cock would twitch. He blew hot air on to the purple plum head. “Do you want to cum for me?” Seth asked.

“Oh, fuck yeah I do! I'm not going to try to hold back anymore.”

“Good,” Seth said, and took Dean's fat cock into his mouth. So different in size and texture from Master's, and tasting of cinnamon lube. In no time at all, Seth had it clean, and tasted only Dean's precum.

“Sixty-nine!” Dean cried. “Please, Seth, I want you.”

Seth turned, so Dean could have at him, too. Being back in Dean's mouth was so pleasurable his toes curled, and even though he wanted to moan and cry out, he kept sucking Dean. He hoped he was making Dean feel as good as Dean was making him feel. Panting, he licked and sucked that purple plum while teetering on the edge, about to explode in Dean's mouth.

Just as the first spurt of Dean's cum splattered in Seth's face, Seth shot his load, too. He wrapped his pretty mouth around Dean's cock again, and felt cum hit his throat. He swallowed it, as Dean swallowed his.

Spent, they laid together and shared a bottle of water. Seth tasted his mouth, and enjoyed the feeling of Dean's body beside his. Dean was stroking the blonde streak in Seth's hair. “And they call me the lunatic fringe.”

Seth giggled and began tickling Dean. Dean responded tit for tat, and Seth was quite ticklish. “Stop, I gotta piss.” Seth wiggled, and held himself like a little boy.

“Awww, that's so cute. And me, too, actually.”

Seth got up and headed to the bathroom. “I always do, soon after I cum.”

Dean followed. “It's a natural reflex, clears the pipe so you don't pee in stereo later.”

Seth sat down on the toilet. “C'mere, Dean. I want your hot piss all over my hot cock.”

Dean giggled. “I don't want to make a mess, Seth!” He held himself, and shifted his weight from foot to foot.

Seth patted his thighs. “Sit in my lap. You know, like spider-style on a swing.”

Dean did, and Seth wrapped his arms around him. He kissed Dean's earlobe. “Let go,” he whispered, and felt Dean loosen his grip on himself. Seth felt Dean's hot piss pour onto his groin, and drip noisily into the toilet from his jewels. It felt amazing. He kissed Dean when he, too, started pissing. He was still pissing after Dean had stopped.

“Wow, Seth!”

“Yeah, I can hold a lot,” Seth said, and pissed two more long streams. “My limits have been stretched, most recently on RAW. Almost five hours in the car, no time to piss before my promo. I thought I was going to piss my pants the whole fucking promo, but I didn't.” Seth got up, and flushed the toilet.

“I don't think I could've handled that,” Dean said, as he pulled on his briefs. “I would've peed my pants, for real.”

“You're not going to shower?” Seth asked.

Dean grinned and shook his head. “Nuh-uh.”

“I wasn't going to, either,” Seth admitted. “What dirty boys we are.”

Dean nodded eagerly in agreement. “Have you ever peed yourself?”

Seth thought about the self-goldenshower Mistress had ordered him to do. He didn't think that was what Dean was asking though, so he replied: “I've never had an accident, at least not as an adult.”

“I peed myself on the way to Arlington, how embarrassing.”

“Last week?” Seth asked.

“Yeah.” Dean blushed. “I was riding with Jey, Jimmy, and Naomi. There was a problem at the rest area, so I started heading for the woods, but I just couldn't take it anymore. Everyone found out about it, too.”

“Awww, poor thing,” Seth said, and patted Dean's back.

“The twins were really sympathetic, Naomi, not so much. But, no one told, so I guess all's good.”

“Mhmm. I should get back to the party.”

“I don't even know how it went on without you,” Dean said, and kissed him. “Our champion. My champion.”

“Can we do this again?” Seth asked, as he buttoned his shirt.

“I'd love to.”

