Train Car

Author: Lask

*000*2021-02-13 02:53

(This story contains both female and male desperation and eventual wetting!)

Part One

9:05 AM

###

The train started to move forwards, causing the small group of passengers within to get energetic. In this one part of the train, they were each busy doing their own things, whether it was texting on their phone, staring out the window, or simply daydreaming. On the left, one guy named Riviera was doing the third thing, and in a full on stare as well. He was daydreaming about what activities he was going to do when he arrived at his destination once the train had approached it.

On the right, in the seats closest to the large vertical sliding window in case of emergency, were two women talking to each other about various things. One was named Kira, and the other Vienna. In the back, was one guy named Quincy, and two more women, named Ally and Emma. As the train continued moving forwards, each one got more excited that they were getting closer to their stop. They each had equipped a bottle of water given to them for hydration and healthy purposes. Every now and then, they consumed pieces and parts of it, one at a time.

Little did they know what was soon to come.

10:01 AM

###

“Ughhh! How much longer will it take?”

A good amount of time has passed between the first sip of water, and probably the 100th one taken today, as far as Kira thought. Soon enough, all of that intake became contents of her bladder, and it was starting to become very uncomfortable. She was doing an okay effort in holding it so far, but she was getting gradually more impatient with every additional ounce of discomfort she was feeling. Riviera, on the other hand, was not getting as easily frustrated, and was content with having to hold his pee for a bit longer.

At least, he hoped it would be a bit. The fullness of his bladder, when in that kind of moment, is not as much as anyone else in the train car, but it still would be very hard to keep it held. So far, his inside muscles were doing a pretty good job keeping in his liquid, but it would become harder to hold soon if he wasn’t at his train stop anytime now. So how was Vienna doing? Not good. She was to the point where she had to press a hand against her crotch area, it was that bad. She wasn’t leaking or spurting or anything like that as of now, but still, it was pretty desperate.

Ally, Emma, and Quincy were about the same level as each other, and could keep holding it for a few more minutes.

Hopefully it would be soon, or now, even!

10:09 AM

###

Okay, not so easy to hold now. Kira had a hand pressed, Vienna was squirming, Riviera began to get a sense of urgency, and the back row was getting more and more desperate, too. Vienna was worried that she would begin to leak a bit in her pants. Her pee was getting close to escaping! Riviera had his legs crossed, as he thought that that would maybe help, but it didn’t. The dreadful urge inside of him grew more, and the need to go became a front thought in his mind.

Kira was trying her best to hang on more, but she knew she couldn’t, not at this rate. Even if she were to let go, in an emergency state, where? Why? There was not a great place in the train car to sacrifice getting pee on. A railing in front of her that led to the sliding window would maybe be a place where she could hang onto while she let loose on that floor? Probably not, but it was an option. Riviera, now more desperate than ever, was seeking out the car for other ways to not so discreetly relieve himself. That’s when he saw it.

Quincy had begun to shift in his seat, and the women next to him were also doing said thing. It’s probably an instance of “follow the leader” for him and them. They hoped more and more that they will stop soon, and get some sweet relief. In the corner of her eye, Emma caught a glimpse of someone in front standing up, and walking towards the steel door and wall ahead. Why was he doing that?

Riviera went to a rectangular dispenser-looking hole in one part of the wall, and reached in. In it, were a pack of smallish plastic zip bags. They resembled the kind that someone would expect to find in a school student’s lunch. Certainly not here, in this long train. What would possibly be the reason that these were here? Nonetheless, Riviera took one out, and brought it to his seat, where he sat down with it next to him. In the case of an absolute need, he would use it. It will feel weird to, but it was at least a makeshift.

10:20 AM

###

If they weren’t people, you could see them as individual mini dams. Each and every one of the human beings inside of this train car was either very desperate, or VERY desperate! An announcement made earlier stated that the train would arrive soon, and they should try to hold on a little more with all their strength. They were doing so alright, and with much effort. Kira was pressing tighter, and Vienna was trying her very best. Riviera has yet to try out his little toilet he found, as he thought he could make it. The back row was holding up not as well, but no dark patches were forming back there in any way yet. Kira decided then and there that, that’s it, she was gonna attempt to do something involving the railing.

She slowly and carefully got up, and walked to the railing, and froze. What is she doing? Has she lost it? She could definitely make it! But no, she’s just gonna give up and ruin this part of the train’s floor simply because she had not the strength to keep it in longer. That thought was what made her frozen. As an apparent statue formed by the railing, Vienna was unsure why it was there. Would she actually start to pee over there? She had to do something! Her body reacted, and the next thing she knew, she was next to Kira, standing up beside her. A hand against her own private region, she put the other hand on Kira’s shoulder, as if to mentally ask her what was going on. Kira looked at her with a worried expression, like she was saying that she was as desperate as Vienna. They were both uncertain as to what was to happen next.

”Ahh! No! N-no!”

Behind them, Ally had almost sprung the first leak of the hour. Thankfully, she managed to keep the flood back in her. Still, it was dangerously close. Emma could feel her issue, as she was also getting that close. Closer and closer, to letting some liquid out, oh would that be...

Realizing what was happening to her, Emma forced back the coming tide within that was about to gush out from her pee hole.

This was beginning to not look good.

10:25 AM

###

Kira and Vienna, if in the right circumstance, would become historic statues at this point. Their minds told them to move! Somehow! However, that was just what was happening in their brains. What was happening in their bodies, was a constant refusal to move, in addition to holding in the pee. Riviera was close to bursting, so he begun squirming. The back row was getting a little more desperate with every second that passed.

This was when Vienna felt it. A starting buildup in her bladder, followed by a coursing through to reach her slit, which was ready to open wide to release her need. Her relief. Her pee.

Soon enough, a small spurt managed to come out of her pee hole.

###

Vienna tried forcing back in the liquid in a similar fashion to the women in the back earlier, but it was no use. A patch of pee formed in the front of her pants, with a long line running down the inside portion of where her left leg was. Thankfully, that was all that came out so far, but that wouldn’t be the last. Kira, on the other hand, once again considered her railing option from before. Without much other thought, her body got into that position. She made it so that her parts would have a claimed aim towards the floor, once she got herself she up. Riviera decided that it would now be time to use his baggie. He opened it up, and then reached in for his...

“Where’d you get that?”

From behind him, Emma had questioned about the bag’s origin. Riviera told her that there was an unusual dispenser up front where he got it from, and he thinks that it would hold all the content of his bladder. With that, Emma took off for that dispenser, got two, and handed one to Ally for her to use. Quincy said that he didn’t want one, as he will probably make it there in time, unlike the others. He will have to do a lot more holding though, but he thought that he could manage.

Riviera went back to reaching in his pants zipper for his necessary tool, and brought it up, and aimed it towards the bags compartment. Of course, he couldn’t just start going then, as that would be too easy! Of course he got pee shy! Of course it was here out of all times! Of course it was here out of all places! He just had to wait.

Kira, with all her might, was holding it in, but barely. As with Vienna, a little spurt came out of her slit. That was it for her. She got herself ready to go, but for some reason, she couldn’t. She looked over to Riviera with his bag open and with his hand holding onto something. She could swear he was mumbling something to himself, but what?

“Nooo! Please!”

Vienna.

Kira turned to Vienna. A slight blush was starting to appear on her face. Down below, a bigger patch of urine was showing up, a sign that she couldn’t hold it anymore! Seeing what Kira was doing, she lowered her pants and undies, and squatted a little, that is, if you wanna even call what she did a squat. Now lowered slightly to the ground, she began to go, but then halted her short relief.

She stood back up, and froze again.

Her brain had practically stopped functioning.

End of Part One

*001*2021-06-14 23:20

NOTICE!!!!

###

There is no part two!

This story has been shelved! I have decided that I did not really like how part one turned out, and I’m not currently interested in coming back to this. If any of you did like this story, then that’s fine.

*002*2021-06-14 23:21

Stay tuned for future stories!

