Through the Storm - Page 2

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*025*2017-12-30 23:24

{{22 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was great

}}

Yeah I was trying to channel a little Terry Prachett with her reaction to the wolf

&&

*030*2017-12-31 03:38

Bri scrambles ever higher into the broad twisting branches panting with exertion. She eventually finds an area were the main trunk has partially split, creating a little hollow that she can tuck herself into and rest without fear of falling. Bri tries to think of plan but really there’s nothing that can be done except wait and hope that either the wolf leaves or some one show’s up to scare it off. She checks her phone 2:00 a.m. Bri tucks herself deeper into the hollow and tries to get some sleep but just can’t, she keeps waking up every twenty to thirty minutes. The wolf is still there, she has no idea why it doesn’t just leave and go find an easier meal. It’s now around 4:00 a.m. and her bladder is becoming painfully full. She hasn’t gone since shortly after six but there’s nowhere to pee.

Bri gasps as she suddenly feels a spurt escape into her panties. “God I can’t believe this is happening. Bad enough that I’ve been stuck in these fucking woods for close to a week and that Cujo down there wants me with fries and ketchup, but now to top it all off I’m probably going to piss my pants. You know what fuck that! If I’m going to piss my pants I’m going to do it on my own terms because I feel like it!” And with that Bri spreads her legs as wide as she can and relaxes her hold on her over taxed bladder. “Shit that’s really warm but surprisingly not horrible. It’s gonna suck though when this cools and get’s all sticky.” Bri’s panties are quickly soaked followed by the seat of her overalls and her groin. Eventually she is soaked from ass to knees as a small puddle fills the hollow. “Well, maybe I can get some sleep now that doesn’t feel like my bladders about to literally explode.” Bri thinks to herself as she drifts off back to sleep

It’s 5:56 a.m. when bri next wakes up. The sky is turning that particular shade of grey that signals dawn will soon arrive. She is cold and clammy, and the wolf is still doing its best Grim’s Tales routine sniffing and huffing around the base of the tree. “Wow seriously? Way to hold a grudge asshole!” She flicks the bird in it’s general direction. “I seriously hope some one shows up soon.” Bri can hear her stomach rumbling and it feels somewhat bloated. She’s going to need to empty her bowels soon.

“Really? Really? Well this is just the perfect way to top off the day I’ve been having or is it days now? Might as well get this over with.” Bri pushes and grunts as a turd the size and shape of a bratwurst slides into her underwear. “Well I just ruined this pair of briefs might as well finish.” She pushes, and several more smaller pieces and then a longer piece fill her panties, smushing together. By this point Bri has stopped giving a fuck and just want’s a hot shower, a big breakfast, and bed. She doesn’t particularly care about the order.

*032*2017-12-31 05:04

As Bri sit’s there in her mess debating whether she should try and make a run for it she hears a high-pitched whine coming up the road signaling the approach of some kind of vehicle. “Oh Fuck Yes! HEY!!!!! Over hear!!!!” Bri shouts at the top her lungs climbing out onto a limb and waving her arms wildly and swinging her jacket over her head. A pair of headlights stab through the early morning gloom. Charging down the road silhouetted by the first rays of dawn like the proverbial cavalry is a large boxy looking pickup. At first glance it seems to be pure vintage 80’s but instead of the roar of a gasoline engine it makes an incongruous high-pitched whine. The vehicle slaloms to a stop in a spray of dirt in front of Bri’s besieged campsite.

Causing the wolf to snarl and turn to face it. Bri surprised to see what she first thinks is a girl but then realizes is an adult hops out of the passenger side. The person in question is only about four feet tall and has reddish purple hair and she starts yelling at whoever is in the driver seat. “Oh shit, Gwyn it’s the Warg and it looks like it treed whoever was camping here.” A brunette woman who appears to be in her late thirties/early forty’s and wearing kaki cargo pants and a white dress shirt hops out of the cab. “I see it Renny.”

“HEY!!!! I’M UP HERE!!!”

“We see you kiddo, hang on to something, it’s going to get all John Woo in a minute!!” the smaller person, Renny, yells.

Bri drops down and hugs the limb, just as Renny claps her hands together in a gesture that almost seems like prayer before screaming “Combustar!” Her eyes glow with eldritch fire and a detonation roughly equivalent to a 40mm grenade rips through the clearing flinging the warg back several yards as it lets out an agonized howl. “Forza!” Renny brings her hand down in a chopping motion and it seemed as if the invisible hand of God had reached down and pimped slapped the warg as it goes flying even further. “Quit screwing around Renny and finish the damn thing” Gwen yells as she pulls some kind spec ops modded M4 carbine from a rack in the truck and begins firing off three round bursts at the warg. Which is now hightailing at full tilt for the tree line.

Gwen advances in a low rolling crouched walk, continuing to let off bursts at the fleeing beast. Renny points at it a look of intense concentration on her face before she yells “Parazitaz!” The warg freezes unable to move… “Combustar!” A blast goes off like a landmine underneath the warg flinging it high into the air before it lands with a dull thud and is still. Gwen runs up to it triggering a burst. Click Click. She ejects the spent mag and with a practiced motion slams home a fresh one before placing her boot on the beast’s back and the muzzle against it’s head. Brurup! She triggers a final burst before yelling out “All clear you can come down now!” Bri can only stare in astonishment at her rescuers.

*034*2017-12-31 05:24

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Man what a excellent chapter and bri is saved

}}

Yep now we get to meet Renny and Gwen. Here's a little bit of a sneak peak for Gwen before I log off for the night.

The older of the two standing in front of Bri has an average build, light brown hair that's currently tied back in a bun. She has a kind motherly face and Bri is at first reminded of a favorite school teacher. Then she looks at the full milspec assault rifle and utility belt festooned with tools and ammo pouches and doesn't now what to think. Post apocalyptic one room school house maybe?

*036*2017-12-31 17:29

I decided that after doing some spelling and grammar editing and adding a couple more sentences of foreshadowing to earlier paragraphs this next update is going to be everything so far plus the next couple paragraphs.

It is a night so dark and stormy as to be almost cliched, wind howls, lighting flashes and thunder peels as a young girl runs for cover. Bri, short for Briana, is racing to get out of the storm, but is already soaked. The first thing to lose the battle was her chucks, she can feel her socks squelching in her soaked shoes. After 20 minutes even her water-resistant canvas overalls and chore jacket are starting to be infiltrated. As she races down 40-mile road she tries to decide how much of the blame for her current situation is her parents and how much is her own dam fault. They had yet another fight, about what she couldn’t even remember at this point. Probably the usual stuff.

Her parents were stereotypically staid midwestern white Anglo-Saxon protestants. Bri was an out and proud bisexual tomboy, one of only a handful of students in her small high school’s gay straight alliance. She likes video/tabletop games, books, science, working on machines, film, makeup (especially special effects), and rock/metal. None of this sat well with her folks aside from her ability to fix the farm equipment. They fought constantly. Bri had recently turned eighteen and was about to graduate high school, she was hoping for a scholarship that would be her ticket out of here. 

Her grades were certainly good enough and all her friends were making their own escape plans. There was nothing holding her here. Her back up plan if she didn’t get the scholarship was to move in with/work for her cousin in Tannersville who owned what was possibly the last video rental store in the state until she could get a certificate for teaching ESL, save up for a plane ticket and visa, then jet off to Paraguay or Czechoslovakia. What Bri didn’t know was that she was about to get her wish just not in the way she expected.

Bri pushed these thoughts out of her head as she charged forward fighting the storm. She had been walking for hours before it hit and was about five miles from her house. But there was a gas station a half mile up the road Mr. Andrews the kindly old man who ran the place would let her crash in the back office and she could wait out the storm. However, something wasn’t right. As more lighting flashed in the sky she could see that the clouds had turned an eerie sickly greenish yellow looking color and seemed to be almost glowing now that she looked closely. Her heart began to beat faster as her first thought was that a tornado might touch down soon. Then suddenly more lighting flashed, and the clouds briefly turned a deep almost black plum color before going back to the previous yellowish color.

She didn’t know what the hell to make of it, all she knew was that she had to get to that gas station. Mr. Andrews had a storm shelter that could be accessed through the work area under the lift in the garage. If a twister was going to touch down, she sure as shit did not want to be outside when it happened. She could talk about this later once she was safe, Ms. Myers who had taught her Earth/Space science course sophomore year would probably find it fascinating. Suddenly there was a lighting strike mere yards in front of her causing Bri to fall flat on her but in surprise and shock.

A loud roaring noise like the voice of God filled the air. Thunder peeled like an artillery barrage as lighting crashed to earth all around her. Bri was not a timid a girl and had gotten into a few scrapes and adventures in her eighteen years but this raw display of nature’s fury would have unnerved just about anyone and she couldn’t help letting out a scream. Suddenly everything went white and then she was falling somehow surrounded on all sides by a coruscating sea of blue energy the roaring noise seeming to come from everywhere and she felt a strange chill and could actually see frost forming on her clothes before everything went black…….

After an indeterminate amount of time Bri slowly begins to come back to consciousness “What? Where the hell am I? What? What happened? There was that freaky storm and the bad trip and then I’m in the woods?”

“What the fuck?!” Bri is in a meadow clearing smack in the middle of an unknown forest. Aside from the frost on her clothes which is rapidly sublimating into mist, everything is strangely normal. Actually, the scene is quite breath taking Bri thinks as the warm light of dawn spills into the clearing revealing that it is filled with dozens of varieties of wild flowers.

But as she gets up and walks around something is subtly off about these woods. Not in a bad way just something is different, but she can’t quite figure out what. It’s definitely mixed deciduous forest like the woods around her house but there are lots of small inconsistencies. She doesn’t recognize most of the flower species and there are these weird vines that look like purple ivy with black round berries on several of the trees. Then there are the odd-looking squirrels with their bright red almost orangy coats and pointed ears with white tufts. Those along with several bright iridescent species of birds fliting through the trees are definitely not native to Indiana.

Still why’ll she has always been more at home in town than the woods or fields, she still possesses a not insignificant amount of wilderness and survival skills thanks to the instruction of Uncle Brun. Using these skills, she strikes out into the woods trying to find her way to a stream or creek. She figures if she can find that; one, she’ll have a source of water, and two she can follow it down to a lake or larger river where they’ll probably be people of some sort. As she hikes through the woods, she can’t help but think back on the time she spent growing up with Brun. Never was someone more aptly named then the 6’9”, barrel chested, Norwegian American. At forty-three he still had a weightlifter’s physique and his head was crowned with a mane of fiery red hair and a bushy beard both neatly braided.

He likes to hunt and fish and just spend time in the outdoors in general. He also happens to be gay and married to a husband of ten years who is both his business partner and best friend. Despite some casual bigotry people rarely bothered the big man or his partner, especially not after the evening back in November 2012 when six “storm front” bickers got rowdy in Mel’s bar and decided they wanted to do a little queer bashing… and promptly got their asses handed to them by Brun, who managed to take them out while inflicting minimal injuries. 

Despite his size and hand to hand skills Brun was a gentle giant and actually felt some small amount of guilt over the injuries he was forced to inflict. He especially loves children and most between age two and thirty in the town consider the big man to be a favorite uncle, Bri included. He would often take her and her friends on camping and fishing trips over the summer. This where she picked up the skills she was going to use to get out of these woods and with one hell of story to tell Brun.

The weather is warm, and she quickly sheds her chore jacket tying it around her waist. After several hours of hiking she comes to a small creek. “Yes! Next stop civilization.” Bri, really thirsty after her hike, kneels down cupping her hands to scoop water from the creek as she quenches her thirst. However, as she relaxes by the creek the sound of running water makes her aware of another bodily need. Bri being used to hiking and camping doesn’t even hesitate as she stands up places her jacket on a nearby rock and unhooks the straps of her overalls.

As they slide down to her ankles her black “Sisters of the Elder Fire” t-shirt and white full-cut briefs are exposed to the air. She slides her briefs down in one smooth motion as she pops a squat before letting go. Bri sighs in relief watching her pee shoot out from between her legs and splatter onto the dirt. After finishing she looks around for something to wipe with. The nearby cattails look perfect and she cuts some of the fluff off with her multitool and uses it to wipe with before pulling up her pants and heading off, following the creek downstream.

Five days of wilderness travel have passed since we last saw Bri and this is where we pick up.....

As Bri continues her hike she keeps checking her phone to see if she can get a signal, the solar panel built into the case is keeping it running, but there’s simply nothing to pick up. It’s so weird sure signal can be patchy in the rural area where she lives but not even a hicksville part of Indiana has zero signal period. Out of curiosity she turns on the phone’s AM/FM function. At first, she gets only static but then she manages to pick up a few garbled broadcasts but can’t make sense of them. Frustrated she gives up and goes back to keeping her eyes peeled for food.

She hasn’t eaten since dinner last night, if you can call a bunch of raw wild onions and cattails dinner, and is already getting hungry. She manages to spot a bush with what appears to be wild raspberry’s. Cautious about eating potentially strange fruit she plucks one off the bush and takes a tentative bite, her senses alert for the tell tale bitter alkaloid taste that would signal a potential poison. It is indeed a raspberry and very fresh ripe and delicious one. She rapidly downs two cups worth of fresh ripe wild berries the sweet sticky juices staining her mouth and fingers before she licks them off. As she continues walking Bri picks up several more nonsense broadcasts one them almost seems like a 40’s style news bulletin, something about fighting in Brosnaw? “Is that like in the Balkans or something?” Bri thinks to her self.

Bri continues her hike for several hours before coming across a most welcome site around six p.m. as the late afternoon sun is getting low in the western sky. “Oh, thank God. YES! YES! YES!” Bri can’t contain her excitement and relief as she starts jumping up and down. In front of her is a dirt road unmarked and just wide enough to be classified as two lanes. Bri exhausted from her ordeal decides to make camp under the large oak next to a stone bridge that crosses the creek, reasoning that eventually someone will drive by that she can hitch a ride back with. Hell, it wouldn’t be the first time Sheriff McAllister, his deputies, or one of the neighboring counties’ sheriff’s departments had found her sleeping rough, picked her up, and driven her back to her parents. So, she gets to work making camp.

First, main course; she takes some of the purple vine and nots it together into snares which she sets. Second, sides; she gather’s some more of the raspberries before setting them down safely along with some kind of wild onion she found growing next to the creek and some kind wild green that taste tested safe. Third, fire; She spends an hour collecting firewood for tonight making sure that she plenty, including a large amount of greenwood. She wants this fire to make a lot of smoke both to keep bugs away and to attract the attention of passersby. Fourth, bedding; She makes a platform of branches next to the firepit she’s dug then layer’s cattails, tall grass and leaves on top making what she like to refer to as a “monkey” nest. It’s now almost dark so lights the fire using her zippo and goes to check the traps hoping she’ll find dinner.

It turns out to be Bri’s lucky day as she finds a rabbit struggling in her snare. She goes up to it and picks it up by the scruff of it’s neck. It’s naturally freaked out as it senses the reaper approaching, she can feel it’s heart beating like crazy. It looks at her wild eyed as she draws her grandfather’s K-bar from a sheath on her ankle. “Sorry little guy.” After bringing down an animal Brun always gave thanks to the spirits and Fryer/Freya. While she considers her self agnostic something like that seemed appropriate. “God, look after this little guy for me, please. Little fella, sorry again, but I have to do this.” And with that she brings the knife down in one smooth stroke cutting off the rabbits scream as a single tear rolls down her face.

Bri is sitting next to the fire thinking and enjoying the warmth that drives back the nighttime chill as she whittles a large stick she found early on into a spear. She wants to go fishing tomorrow in the creek; assuming a car doesn’t show up by then. She still feels a little guilty about killing that rabbit, but she has no idea if and when help is coming.

This road could be an abandoned old logging road left for nature to reclaim or it could be that the whole county is under some kind of state of emergency after that storm and rescue teams are simply too overwhelmed to be looking for one person. Regardless she’s not going to panic; if she heads east she’ll eventually hit I-74 or state road 421. If she heads west I-65, north is Indianapolis. She figures she’s probably closer to I-65, so if she’s not seen any one in two days she’s going to head west on this road. That will give her some time to rest and recover sense her legs are killing her. Until then she needs protein to keep going and that rabbit is starting to smell delicious, guilty conscience or not.

After skinning and gutting it she figured the best thing to do was stuff the fruit and veg inside Mr. Rabbit and slow roast the whole thing under a bed of hot coals in a separate area of the fire, letting all the juices mix and marinade together. After stuffing the rabbit, she wrapped it in a bundle of tall river grasses and placed it in a separate area of the fire pit. Using a stick, she sweeps some of the hot coals on top covering it. That was two hours ago and Bri is now going to check to see if the rabbit is done. She sticks her homemade spear in to the coals, using it to dig out the roast.

She leaves the tip stuck in the coals to char and harden as she checks the rabbit for doneness. Upon opening the bundle, she is greeted by a mouthwatering smell. The rabbit is now a golden-brown color with bits of char in places, Bri sticks the blade of her multi-tool in and the juices run clear. She carves off a piece chewing and savoring the wonderful flavor. 

“Well Mr. Rabbit I’m sorry you had to go out like that, but your sacrifice is not going to be unappreciated.”

She begins to carve up the rabbit skewering pieces on sticks that she had whittled to a point and charred clean in the fire. First a bit a rabbit then a bit of fruit and vegetables. She soon has a neat row of rabbit kebabs on a bed of grasses and she proceeds to tuck in relishing her first proper meal in close to a week. “That was delicious the only thing that could have made it better was a cold beer and some of that fancy restaurant bread.” Bri sighs contentedly enjoying the primal pleasure that is a warm fire and a full stomach.

After about thirty minutes of relaxing and listening to the weird static’y broadcasts, something about the coronation of a new king in a place called Zeramar?. Bri gets up to stretch and try to work out some of the soreness in her legs. The sky overhead is breathtaking and bright with countless stars and larger smears of light possibly indicating distant galaxies. Something seems off thought, the night is almost too bright. Then she realizes the reason why…. There are two moons! “What the fuck! Was there something in those plants?!” But this doesn’t feel like a trip everything is to clear and solid and in focus. It’s just that something that shouldn’t exist does.

She continues to search the sky but none of the constellations are familiar although that one star there might be Polaris but she’s not a hundred percent on that. She does manage to the spot the familiar light of the milky way which tells her that she’s probably at least still in the same galaxy. I wonder if I got struck by lighting and I’m going to wake up in the hospital any minute now with a story about a weird ass dream to tell. But that didn’t seem right either there weren’t the usual gaps in logic and continuity that signaled a dream. “This so freaking Twilight Zone like any minute I expect Rod Serling to start narrating. Wait could that really be it? That weird ass storm, there was that blue vortex, was that a wormhole? Did I just do like a Dorothy, John Carter, or Samurai Jack?”

Bri is almost hyperventilating right now. “Ok calm down Bri everything is going to be fine, you’re going to find some people who’ll explain the weirdness and it’ll all make sense. Fuck! I really need a drink but I’m in the woods and there is no booze, so I’ll just have to deal. Okay breathe, deep breaths, in and out.” Bri continues to take several deep calming breaths as she tries to sort her headspace which has just had all the furniture upended and scattered by a thunderous cosmic revelation.

She decides that the best thing is to focus on immediate survival and deal with the weirdness later. Acting on this she proceeds to clean up the camp moving the rabbit carcasses about a hundred yards or so away, so it won’t bring the scavengers to her camp but is still exposed so that the critters can still get something to eat. It just seems appropriate to do it that way. After washing her hands and banking up the fire she sits down to meditate and clear her head before drifting off into uneasy sleep around eleven.

Ch. 2

Later that evening Bri is startled awake by a loud howl “Awrooooo!!!!” Bri still groggy leaps up adrenalin rapidly countering her drowsiness as million year old instincts kick in and she grabs for her spear. “Awrooooooo!!!” Bri senses alert scans the dark forest that surrounds the tiny island of light that is her camp fire. Then all is silent except for a small breeze that shake the tree’s. All is still except for the pixie haired young girl standing alert and practically vibrating with tension an anachronistic wood spear held in her hands contrasts with her modern clothing. The forest is dark and filled with shadows made by the swaying branches that seem to dance. Small moonlit clearings can just be made out. Then from the forest emerges the largest wolf that Bri has ever seen in her life…..

The beast is huge standing almost as tall as horse with jet black fur. Beneath bright yellow eyes, gleaming white fangs drip saliva. Thoughts of national geographic documentaries about prehistoric megafauna, various DnD games, and the “Lord of the Rings” movies all play through Bri’s frontal lobe and hippocampus. Meanwhile her amygdala is shrieking and gibbering hysterically at the reappearance of an ancient enemy thought long dead, before running off to find a cupboard to hide in. The creature slowly saunters up to her camp. It’s yellow eyes and white fangs gleam with reflected light and it seems to have an unnatural lack of fear for either primates with sharp objects or fire.

Suddenly without warning the beast lunges at her. Bri lets out a terrified and shriek that surprises both her and the wolf when surging with adrenalin it morphs into a war cry. Bri instinctively avoids the charge pivoting and bringing her spear to counter. It’s a hit and the beast yelps and snarls in pain as the spear jabs it in the shoulder. Spinning the spear in a flourish she screams her defiance. “Come get some bitch!!!” Bri has been in several schoolyard and parking lot brawls, mixed with hours of watching/studying Bruce Lee, and the various self defense techniques Brun taught her. So, while not the most skilled or technically proficient fighter, she knows how to handle herself. Which is why rather than charge in and waste energy she uses her superior reach and waits for the wolf to come to her.

It is more than happy to oblige as it barrels in but Bri once again evades and counter attacks eliciting another shriek of pain from the wolf. “Ole, motherfucker.” The wolf backs off for a beat pacing in front of Bri, almost as if it’s sizing her up with an uncanny and almost intelligent? gaze. The wolf seems to charge again but it’s a bluff and as Bri moves to jab at the wolf she overextends and leaves herself exposed as the wolf charges in earnest this time. It hits with a force that would be the envy of any defensive lineman and knocks her to the ground. “Ayeeeeeehhhhh!!!!!” Bri gets her spear up to block just in time as the wolf’s jaws seize around the length of wood instead of her throat. Attempting to get free Bri lands several solid punches on it’s face but they don’t even seem to faze it. Thinking fast she jackknives up under it pushing up off the ground and….. Kicks the big bad wolf right in the balls with both feet.

“AWOOOOOOOO!!!!!”. Seizing the opportunity as the beast rears back in pain she tries to jab the spear up through it’s mouth and the soft palate, right into the brain. Unfortunately, she misses, and the spear becomes lodged in its cheek. Still partially pinned she uses the distraction to pull her grandfather’s K-bar from her ankle sheath. And just as the wolf snaps off the tip of the spear she lands a solid hit with the knife stabbing it through the eye. This finally make it back off howling in pain. Bri gets in a few parting slashes before scrambling up the oak, just before the wolf jumps up to snap at her heels….

Bri scrambles ever higher into the broad twisting branches panting with exertion. She eventually finds an area were the main trunk has partially split, creating a little hollow that she can tuck herself into and rest without fear of falling. Bri tries to think of plan but really there’s nothing that can be done except wait and hope that either the wolf leaves or some one show’s up to scare it off. She checks her phone 2:00 a.m. Bri tucks herself deeper into the hollow and tries to get some sleep but just can’t, she keeps waking up every twenty to thirty minutes. The wolf is still there, she has no idea why it doesn’t just leave and go find an easier meal. It’s now around 4:00 a.m. and her bladder is becoming painfully full. She hasn’t gone since shortly after six but there’s nowhere to pee.

Bri gasps as she suddenly feels a spurt escape into her panties. “God I can’t believe this is happening. Bad enough that I’ve been stuck in these fucking woods for close to a week and that Cujo down there wants me with fries and ketchup, but now to top it all off I’m probably going to piss my pants. You know what fuck that! If I’m going to piss my pants I’m going to do it on my own terms because I feel like it!” And with that Bri spreads her legs as wide as she can and relaxes her hold on her over taxed bladder. “Shit that’s really warm but surprisingly not horrible. It’s gonna suck though when this cools and get’s all sticky.” Bri’s panties are quickly soaked followed by the seat of her overalls and her groin. Eventually she soaked from ass to knees as a small puddle fills the hollow. “Well maybe I can get some sleep now that doesn’t feel like my bladders about to literally explode.” Bri thinks to herself as she drifts off back to sleep

It’s 5:56 a.m. when bri next wakes up. The sky is turning that particular shade of grey that signals dawn will soon arrive. She is cold and clammy, and the wolf is still doing its best Grim’s Tales routine sniffing and huffing around the base of the tree. “Wow seriously? way to hold a grudge asshole!” She flicks the bird in it’s general direction. “I seriously hope some one shows up soon.” Bri can hear her stomach rumbling and it feels somewhat bloated. She’s going to need to empty her bowels soon.

“Really? Really? Well this is just the perfect way to top off the day I’ve been having or is it days now? Might as well get this over with.” Bri pushes and grunts as a turd the size and shape of a bratwurst slides into her underwear. “Well I just ruined this pair of briefs might as well finish.” She pushes, and several more smaller pieces and then a longer piece fill her panties, smushing together. By this point Bri has stopped giving a fuck and just want’s a hot shower, a big breakfast, and bed. She doesn’t particularly care about the order.

As Bri sit’s there in her mess debating whether she should try and make a run for it she hears a high-pitched whine coming up the road signaling the approach of some kind of vehicle. “Oh Fuck Yes! HEY!!!!! Over hear!!!!” Bri shouts at the top her lungs climbing out onto a limb and waving her arms wildly and swinging her jacket over her head. A pair of headlights stab through the early morning gloom. Charging down the road silhouetted by the first rays of dawn like the proverbial cavalry is a large boxy looking pickup. At first glance it seems to be pure vintage 80’s but instead of the roar of a gasoline engine it makes an incongruous high-pitched whine.

The vehicle slaloms to a stop in a spray of dirt in front of Bri’s besieged campsite. Causing the wolf to snarl and turn to face it. Bri surprised to see what she first thinks is a girl but then realizes is an adult hops out of the passenger side. The person in question is only about four feet tall and has reddish purple hair and she starts yelling at whoever is in the driver seat. “Oh shit, Gwyn it’s the Warg and it looks like it treed whoever was camping here.” A brunette woman who appears to be in her late thirties/early forty’s and wearing kaki cargo pants and a white dress shirt hops out of the cab. “I see it Renny.”

“HEY!!!! I’M UP HERE!!!”

“We see you kiddo, hang on to something, it’s going to get all John Woo in a minute!!” the smaller person, Renny, yells.

Bri drops down and hugs the limb, just as Renny claps her hands together in a gesture that almost seems like prayer before screaming “Combustar!” Her eyes glow with eldritch fire and a detonation roughly equivalent to a 40mm grenade rips through the clearing flinging the warg back several yards as it lets out an agonized howl. “Forza!” Renny brings her hand down in a chopping motion and it seemed as if the invisible hand of God had reached down and pimped slapped the warg as it goes flying even further. “Quit screwing around Renny and finish the damn thing” Gwen yells as she pulls some kind spec ops modded M4 carbine from a rack in the truck and begins firing off three round bursts at the warg. Which is now hightailing at full tilt for the tree line.

Gwen advances in a low rolling crouched walk, continuing to let off bursts at the fleeing beast. Renny points at it a look of intense concentration on her face before she yells “Parazitaz!” The warg freezes unable to move… “Combustar!” A blast goes off like a landmine underneath the warg flinging it high into the air before it lands with a dull thud and is still. Gwen runs up to it triggering a burst. Click Click. She ejects the spent mag and with a practiced motion slams home a fresh one before placing her boot on the beast’s back and the muzzle against it’s head. Brurup! She triggers a final burst before yelling out “All clear you can come down now!” Bri can only stare in astonishment at her rescuers.

After taking a minute to recover she shakily climbs down out of the tree… and promptly falls the last five feet landing flat on her back. This knocks the wind out and smushes her mess completely flat. “Owwww” Bri lets out a low grown that indicates pain that dull not necessarily intense just more I am so done with this shit kinda of pain. Gwen and Renny run up to her. Gwen “You Okay dear?”

“Yeah I’m fine cuts and bruises, exhausted but okay…” Bri trails off as between the stain on her groin and thighs and the smell, the disaster in her pants is pretty self-evident, and both Gwen and Renny have clearly just become aware of it.

“And yeah I kinda pissed and shit my pant’s because I was stuck in a tree all night with no bathroom, so yeah that was extra fun on top of everything else.”

“It’s okay sweet heart, it could have happened to anyone.”

“My names Gwen and this my wife Renny.”

“How about you? Name and pronouns if you have any that you prefer?”

“A… Bri… she/her”

“Well Bri I figure you probally want to get out of these woods so what do say to coming back home with us? “That sounds great do you have food?”

“Yep, hot bath or shower as well your choice. “Sweet! Wait…. earlier was that fucking magic!?” Bri’s mind has been racing in a million directions at once and between that + sleep deprivation she is just starting to process what happened earlier.

Renny “Yep, your looking at one of the baddest sorcerers and artificers in the Zeramar region.”

“Zeramar?”

“Shit I’m not on earth, am I?” Bri’s legs start to give out and she sways a bit before Gwen catches her and has her lean on her shoulder. “Shhh, it’s okay dear, you’re going to be okay. I’ve been exactly where you are now. And it’s going to be fine. But right now, there’s at least another five wargs out there from that one’s pack and until a slayer squad gets here and can clear ‘em out it’s not safe here. I’ll explain as much as I can afterwards. So, let’s get you home and cleaned up, okay?”

Bri nods and Gwen helps her to the truck. Renny pulls an old towel out from under the seat and places it on the middle of the bench seat and pats it signaling to Bri that she should get in. Gwen takes out the mag and ejects the round from chamber before tossing both into the glove compartment and placing the M4 back on it’s rack before climbing into the driver’s seat. Renny climbs in next to an exhausted Bri and buckles herseatbelt. As they drive off Bri falls asleep with her head resting on Gwen’s shoulder.

*038*2018-01-01 07:32

So in the next scene I'm going to introduuce Gwen and Renny's kids. One boy and one girl. Older and younger respectively. Any name suggestions?

*040*2018-01-01 14:18

{{6 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Callie for the girl

Simon for the boy

}}

I like Callie :)

*041*2018-01-01 14:31

What do you think of Liam for the boy?

*043*2018-01-01 17:22

Gwen looking down at the down at sleeping girl on her shoulder can’t help but feel her heart pulled by something she can’t explain. The way she survived in those woods and fought off that warg, it’s simply incredible. Even bruised, battered and filthy; she seems to radiate so much strength, life, and personality. “Renny…” she finds her voice low and gravelly with emotion “Gods this is going to sound completely off the walls nuts but…”

“We found our third child?”

“Yeah!” The two women’s hands find each other as they break down softly laughing and crying.

After about twenty minutes they reach the house. Bri slowly stirs back to life as the truck pulls into a small circular drive and is greeted by an amazing site, the house is effectively a hill with doors and window’s cut into it. There are two out buildings in a similar style to the left and right giving the circular drive they’ve pulled into the appearance of a courtyard, in the center is a pear tree that shades a small round grassy area in the middle of the drive.

Hopping out of the truck Bri can’t help feeling an immediate sense of fondness for the place “It looks like a hobbit house straight out of “Lord of the Rings” her voice is a mixture of confusion, bemusement and wonder as she takes it all in. “Well it was owned by a very nice hafling couple, the Burgsons who built it in the traditional style. Bradon and his wife Edna were both herbalists, cantankerous sort but brilliant in their field and they both had a razor-sharp wits and biting sense of humor. Their constant good-natured battles of wit and verbal sparring were legendary in the village.” Renny chimes in “They were as you kids say; ‘masters of the snarky comeback.”

Gwen continues “When Edna died Brandon couldn’t stand to be here because it reminded him constantly of her. He sold the place to us since when had just gotten married at the time and were looking for a house to settle down in after two years of traveling. He left for Brosnaw with one the relief missions, he still sends letters to village from time to time.”

“We added the out buildings after that, so we could have storage and workspace, keeping the style so that everything felt more cohesive. A year after we moved in Callie was born and then Liam two years after her.”

“Liam and Callie? Your kids?”

“Yep they should be up, we called a head before leaving town. We had heard about the warg pack sighting and while both are technically adults now and can handle themselves…”

“Come on love you know they would’ve taken the piss right out that fur ball, hell Bri the badass here managed to give it a few good rounds with nothing but a pointy stick and a knife, I saw those cut marks on it’s face.” Bri blushes at the compliment.

*044*2018-01-01 17:28

Happy New Year everyone from both me and the Daniels- Finnthighearns :)

*047*2018-01-01 17:52

" 'll start off by saying the idea is really cool. You should be proud to be so imaginative and for putting in so much work.

But with that said, have you ever heard of "show, don't tell"? This story needs this advice worse than anything. Almost every sentence is telling us what to think or how to feel. A better practice is to describe with strong action words (verbs) what Bri does or experiences. It draws us in by letting us picture the scene.

Add in a much closer watch on run-on sentences and you'll be in great shape."

My sister said the exact same thing when I showed a her a short excerpt. I'm trying to figure out how to do this because I'm not the most visual person to begin with and I only have text to work with. Could you give examples of where you'd make it edits so I can get an idea of how this would work?

&&

*049*2018-01-01 17:55

{{10 minutes ago, AliasnameTO said:

I'll start off by saying the idea is really cool. You should be proud to be so imaginative and for putting in so much work.

But with that said, have you ever heard of "show, don't tell"? This story needs this advice worse than anything. Almost every sentence is telling us what to think or how to feel. A better practice is to describe with strong action words (verbs) what Bri does or experiences. It draws us in by letting us picture the scene.

Add in a much closer watch on run-on sentences and you'll be in great shape.

}}

{{1 minute ago, YourFNF said:

My sister said the exact same thing when I showed a her a short excerpt. I'm trying to figure out how to do this because I'm not the most visual person to begin with and I only have text to work with. Could you give examples of where you'd make it edits so I can get an idea of how this would work?

}}

*050*2018-01-01 19:42

As Bri walks up the front steps she notes the intricately carved doors that taper to a point forming an arch. One strange thing that catches her attention is that there is no door knob just two flat brass panels where it would normally be. Renny places her palm flat on one of them and there is a loud thunk made by an internal mechanism. Then the door swings open seemingly of its own accord. “Should we attune her now?” Renny says turning to Gwen. “Yeah it I’ll only take a second and we might as well get it out of the way.”

“Attune?”

“So you saw what Renny did earlier, Bri?”

“That was magic right? I’m still trying to wrap my head around that.”

“I prefer to think of it as a science that is still in it’s infancy, but Renny says that take all the fun out of it.”

“Anyway, the point is that on this world it’s very much real. This house for example.” Gwen makes a sweeping gesture with her arm. “Is protected by dozens of heavy duty wards, think of them like the membrane of a cell. They only let in things that are approved or harmless and keep everything else out. They do this, as near as I can tell by recognizing something’s atomic resonance pattern.”

“So, by attuning me you make it so that it recognizes my signature?”

“Exactly dear. This way you’ll be able to come and go freely. All you have to do is place your hand on the door panel.” Bri does so and Renny begins to recite in Gnomish “Guardian spirit hear and obey we welcome this one into our household, treat them as friend and kin.” There is a strange warm tingling sensation in Bri’s hand before a musical vaguely British sounding voices chimes out. “Welcome Brianna newest member of house Daniels-Finnthighearn.” Bri’s eyes go wide and she smile’s as she steps across the threshold.

*052*2018-01-01 21:37

Bri’s first act is to scan the entry hall, it is a couple yard’s long the ceiling is surprisingly high given the former occupants and was probably designed to accommodate taller guests. It is cylindrical in shape. There are low reddish-brown half panels of wood lining the walls. The rest is a light cream-colored plaster, with floors that are a little darker than the panels. The slightly stodgy appearance is softened by the assorted clutter of domestic life. Including several tapestries showing various scenes of Gnomish life, including at least on battle and various colorful throw rugs. “You can leave your shoes there, hon.” Gwen says as she points to a rack next to a bench cabinet that is cluttered with various assorted varieties of footwear. They range from formal heels and loafers, to work boots, to various brightly colored pares of modern sneakers.

Before she sits down Bri notes a corkboard above the bench equally cluttered with various memos and reminders. After working her well worn converses off and tossing them onto the rack she makes an impulse decision to take off her grey ankle socks and digs her toes into one of the rugs, it is exquisitely soft and Bri continues to flex her toes, savoring. Renny and Gwen hang back a couple feet watching intently as Bri explores her new surroundings. Walking over to a side table with a mirror over it she picks up one of the numerous family photos covering its surface. The photo is in full color and show’s Gwen, Renny and an unknown boy and girl standing in a square fronting a large neoclassical looking building as various people go about their business. The kids appear to be somewhere between ten and thirteen. They have Gwen’s height and nose, but Renny’s overall elfin facial structure, large expressive eyes and pointed ears. Their hair seems to be the same as Gwen’s.

Bri is startled out of her study of the photo by two people loudly and simultaneously shouting “MOM!!”. The kids from the photo, now clearly grown adults, still retain some of that childhood energy as they charge down the hall, pulling Gwen and Renny into a family hug scrum. “Hey kiddos!” Gwen and Renny chorus as they embrace their children tightly. “How are you guys doing?”

“Good, we were worried about you though, I mean the wards would have kept the wargs out of the house, but what would have happened if guys had a flat or a breakdown?” Gwen smiles and hugs them tighter stroking their hair. It’s at this point they notice Bri. “Mom who is that?”

“This is Bri she’s an off-worlder like me. We found her lost in the woods and treed by one of the wargs. We managed to take care of it. Now she’s going to be staying with us for a while.”

“So, she was in a tree all night? Is that why she shit her pants?”

“Callie Daniels- Finnthighearn!” Bri’s skin feels hot, flushed and her face turns crimson “Sorry Bri, I can be a bit over direct at times. This is my little brother Liam.” The handsome young lad smiles and nods politely. “I’m glad your here and I hope that for however long that is you’ll feel like family.” She says as she goes up and hugs a surprised Bri.

