Riding out a Blizzard in Diapers - Page 3

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*050*2017-11-28 18:35

***This is an Updated post compiling the first three days of Alex’s adventure; I tried to go back over and hunt down grammar and spelling issues but not always the best at that so…(shrugs) I also decided to include some descriptions of Alex and the store***

Alex is a girl in her early to mid-twenties with an average build, pale’ish skin, nut brown hair faded slightly at the sides with bangs parted to the left and a blue streak up the middle, bluish steel grey eyes, c-cup breasts, an overall geek meets hipster style, and a tattoo of a raven winged death’s head wearing a jaunty red banded top hat with the phrase memento mori emblazoned on a scroll beneath; on her left arm. She typically spends the school holidays working at her uncle’s store, gaming, and hanging out with her friends and her girlfriend Riley.

Riley is the same age as Alex. One of the first thing you’ll notice is her tall slim build as she stands at an impressive 6’2” with b cup breasts. Riley likes to lift weights, swim, play lacrosse, and wrestle. So, added on to this is a large amount of toned muscle from years of athletics and shop work. When you combine this with a slightly wind and sun touched face, dirty blonde hair, freckles and striking green eyes you get someone who’s the very picture of youthful vitality. Her belly button is peirced

The store is an open plan basic box with dry goods in the middle and registers at the front as you walk in. To left is a kind of diner style eatery with a low half wall of booths cutting it off from the rest of the store proper, to the right 1&1/2 aisles of refrigerated cases. The back of the store is where the pharmacy, bathrooms, and offices/breakroom are located.

Monday

Alex had just gotten off the phone with her uncle Lewis after his too late warning about the storm hitting early. She was there to close down the small upper Midwestern towns pharmacy/24-hour store that her uncle owned, and now it looked like she was going to be the ride out crew whether she liked or not as the blizzard was just now kicking into high gear. Still it wasn't all bad, the internet was still up, and Uncle Lewis had said she could have whatever she wanted food and drink wise from the store/cafe, including the liquor case.

"So, it looks like it's going to be several days of bagel bites, Bad Ass & Goat (the local craft brewery that tried way too hard to be edgy with their marketing), and Netflix." she thought to herself. Just then the lights flickered and went out for about 15 seconds before the backup batteries and CNG generator kicked in. Grateful that her Uncle was big on energy independence (part of his unique centrist brand of libertarianism) it was just enough to keep everything going although the load from central heat was causing some strain.

After checking on the generator, she went to grab one of the air mattresses and a blanket from the small camping, hunting and fishing section and setting up a little nest in the break room. Stripping down to her underwear Alex crawled into bed and called it a night. When she woke up the next morning she pulled on her flannel shirt because it was a little cold before heading to the bathroom. "No pants at work? fuck yeah ride out crew is the best" she thought to herself grinning. Her attitude quickly changed when she saw that the pipes had burst overnight flooding both bathrooms........

Tuesday

8:23 am

Alex frantically called her uncle to report the damage explaining what had happened, he reassured her that the insurance would take care of it and that she wasn't in trouble over it, they talked about how things were otherwise for a bit before Alex raised the question she had been thinking of for several minutes but had been dreading asking "So what should I do about... you know, the bathroom situation?"

"Well the storms too bad for anyone to come and get you and the bathrooms are both shot so... Look I know you’re going to hate this but, your best bet is to grab something from the incontinence aisle and use that."

"Seriously what the fuck dude, you want me to wear a god damn diaper?!!"

"Sorry Ali but I don't know what else to tell you, I figure it beats pissing your pants"

"I'll think about it, sorry I snapped Big L"

"It's Okay love you Ali, stay safe." Alex's uncle hangs up the phone leaving her alone with her rapidly filling bladder....

Around elevenish Alex was becoming increasingly desperate, she hadn't peed since last night and was jittery along with a building sensation in her crotch signaling that she really needed to go. Finally, she ran down into the incontinence supply aisle. "God am I actually going to do this?" She thought about using some of the bed pads but that seemed just as bad as the diapers.

Finally reacting without thinking she yanked down her panties kicking them aside before grabbing a big pack of medical looking diapers and ripped it open, before realizing she had no idea how put a diaper on. Thinking quickly, she dropped it onto the floor before popping a squat over it. Face flushed crimson Alex's poor bladder lost the battle and she released a steady stream onto the diaper a few splashes went wide but the absorbent padding took the brunt of it. Embarrassed Alex grabbed one of the packs of wet wipes cleaned off her crotch and legs and tossed them onto the diaper before going to grab some paper towels for the floor.

Alex stood staring at the row of "emergency toilet underwear" as she preferred to think of it. "I guess I'm really doing this? I mean it's not like I've got a lot of options other than freezing my junk off pissing in a blizzard. So, is that how they do it in Antarctic expeditions, diapers? Wouldn't they get super cold and clammy after a while? What the hell happens if they leek? It's not like there are laundromats in the middle of Antarctica... Ewww do not want..... (This is one of many things Alex had discovered in her twenty something years of existence should not be thought about)"

Alex recognized that doing her business in the diaper was paradoxically the rational adult decision under these circumstances, but that still didn't get rid of the sociocultural baggage and emotional hang-ups she wasn't a Vulcan after all. Alex then chuckled to herself at mental image of a diapered Vulcan. "Getting into rule 34 territory there girl, bail out before to it's too late" chuckling to herself some more. "Right, okay no more stalling" Alex picked out a pack of the depends silhouettes max because they seemed to look the most like normal underwear, if a bit granniesh and with a weird padded crotch. Steeling herself Alex ripped open the pack and pulled out one of the black colored ones before sliding it up her legs. "Okay this is so weird it's like I’ve got a crinkly floofy brick stuffed up against my equipment. I think I deserve a German breakfast after this weirdness." Alex thought to herself as she headed to the beer cooler.

About an hour after her German breakfast, brunch?; the two beers she had drunk were hitting Alex's bladder. "Well delaying this is only going to make things more uncomfortable." Alex tried to relax her bladder but found she couldn't go "Okay so I just need to relax and let it happen. I'm not some five-year-old having an accident and making a mess of my clothes and the floor, I'm an adult who wisely chose to use this special wearable toilet underwear because the normal toilets are broken." Pushing with her pelvic muscles Alex managed to get a small squirt out that was quickly absorbed but couldn't get a full stream going. Blushing Alex decided a more natural position would help and once again popped a squat.

Releasing a few tentative spurts Alex decided that she could trust her new underwear and let go completely, flooding it as she a felt a warm yet strangely, distant?, heat envelope her crotch. "Wow that is hella weird, but strangely not horrible." The now spent underwear sagged noticeably between her legs instinctively she pulled it up and felt a wetness press into her crotch and the swollen absorbent layer try to push her legs apart "Huh, now it's a soggy semi-rigid brick." Alex went over to the large break room trash before tearing the quick release tabs and tossing the spent "toilet underwear" in, glad that she had left her jeans off to avoid getting any potential leeks on them. After wiping herself off Alex put a clean pair on, purple for variety reasons. She then spent the rest of her day sans pants, figuring it was more comfortable and convenient since she had the whole store to herself.

After dinner and changing into her third pair of briefs that day Alex went and settled down for a couple hours of Netflix before falling a sleep in her underwear and t-shirt. Some time around 2 a.m. Alex awoke groggy, confused and needing to pee. She started to get up to use the bathroom before remembering where she was and that she was in fact wearing the toilet. “Well I suppose that’s one perk to this whole situation, I get to pee without getting out of my warm comfy bed….. and I think It just got warmer.” Alex giggled to herself as she drifted back to sleep the now swollen undies encasing her privates.

Wednesday

6:50 a.m.

That morning Alex woke up to a pullup that was wet for a very different reason. “Well I haven’t rubbed one out since Sunday and I’ve already peed in this thing so why not use it for another body function…” Alex slid a hand down into her underwear feeling the moisture on her lips as she used her palm to stimulate her now very erect clit while her middle and index fingers worked their way in and out of her as she lazily circled her right nipple with the fingers of her other hand. After about five or ten minutes her breathing became short and rapid as she had a small orgasm. Warm, groggy, and very comfortable Alex certainly didn’t feel like getting out of bed for her morning pee; she didn’t even bother moving as her undies got warm and wet for the second time that morning while she drifted back to sleep.

When Alex woke back up about an hour later it was to a somewhat wet bed. Her underwear had leaked at the leg openings and a pool had formed around her backside; extending down to her thighs and up to her lower back soaking the bottom of her t-shirt “Ah shit! Well no use getting upset over what’s already happened. Still I was having such a nice morning, now I got to clean the stupid mattress.” A mildly annoyed Alex proceeded to get cleaned up and changed, grimacing as she tried to avoid having the wet shirt touch her hair, before going over the air mattress with some paper towels and Lysol spray. She then went to grab a thing of laundry detergent and tried to wash her shirt in the sink as best as she could before placing it on a chair to dry. Alex wasn’t quite ready to attempt workplace nipple liberation, so she put her sports bra back on with her flannel worn open over it for warmth.

Alex had just finished making herself a sizable breakfast of hash-browns, eggs, pancakes and bacon on the cafe’s griddle when her uncle called. “Hey Big L”

“Hey Ali, how are you?”

“Not too bad, I didn’t burn down the store making breakfast so that’s a win.”

“Heheheh! You were always a better cook than me or your aunt.” They made small talk for another twenty minutes “So Ali, I don’t mean to be weird or pry, but I’ve got to put my “Dad Hat” on and ask; did you figure out the toilet situation?” A brief awkward silence then “Yeah I’ve been using the ‘emergency toilet underwear’ like you suggested…” Lewis let out a loud belly laugh “I always love the names you come up with for things Ali; I’m really impressed without how maturely you’ve handled this whole wonderlandesc situation.”

“Yeah once you get over the whole strangeness of, your underwear is the toilet, it’s surprisingly okay and it was actually kind’a nice to be able to pee this morning without having to get out bed. At least until I woke back up and realized the stupid thing had leaked…” Lewis lets out another laugh before Alex joins in “Maybe, I’ll bring some home for you to wear on the weekends?”

“I think it’d be cute to see you coming down to breakfast wearing your padded ‘special underwear’.”

“Oh god L, don’t even joke” Alex and Lewis laugh some more “Now that I’ve been reassured that this experience hasn’t been overly traumatic, I want to ask you something Ali, I hate to ask this but, well here’s the situation….”

“As you may have noticed there’s a lull in the storm today, but it’ll pick back up by around nine or ten tonight, after that it’ll probably not stop until around Sunday or Monday. We can get you out of there now, but I have to admit I feel a lot better with somebody on site to watch the store….. Would you be willing to stay put till Monday? You’ve already hit forty hours so it’ll all be overtime.”

Alex thought for a moment, it had been a little boring after the first day and doing her business in her pants was strange, but she was getting oddly comfortable with it. It didn’t hurt that her uncle was very generous with paying his employees, $17.50 starting + benefits, having worked there since high school she was up to $19.75. Seventy-two hours+ of overtime at that rate was a lot of money for a college student. “Yeah, I’ll do it Big L”

“Thanks a lot Ali, you’re a trooper.”

“Oh, one other thing; Riley’s going to be coming out on her snowmobile with some supplies and a couple changes of clothes. See you Monday kiddo.” As the snow fell gently onto the ground in the parking lot Alex watched from the counter sipping her second coffee. Her thoughts turned to her girlfriend and how much fun it was going to be having four days alone with her to do whatever they want. Alex blushed as her flushed, warm, wet lips rubbed against her special panties.

“What the hell it’s not like I’ve got anything better to do.” Alex quickly dropped her underwear bent forward over the counter and proceeded to give her very aroused sex a thorough finger blasting. Minutes later a now satiated Alex basked in the after glow of her second trip to O-town that morning, a satisfied grin on her face, as the snow continued to fall. After another minute her sex became warm and wet again for an entirely different reason as she let out a contented sigh, sipping her coffee, continuing to watch the snow fall.

Twenty minutes later the rumble of an engine could be heard as a snowmobile pulled up into the parking lot, a person gets off walks up to the main doors and uses a key to let themselves in. Their wearing a one-piece snow suit in a gold and red fractal pattern, their face is hidden by a white full-face helmet, they lower a pair of duffel bags to the floor.

“RILEYYYYY!!!!” Alex let’s out a joyful squee and runs toward her girlfriend. The snow suited figure pulls off her helmet and ski mask revealing a young woman; her shoulder length brownish blond hair tied back in a braid, is slightly messy and frizzy from being under the helmet. Her face lightly tanned and wind burned from the outdoors, has a smattering of freckles that combined with her grin and the glint of mirth in her striking green eyes completes the picture of youthful vitality. She braces herself using years of practice of from lacrosse and wrestling, as Alex tries to monkey tackle her out of excitement. Alex wraps her legs around Riley’s waist and Riley’s arms wrap around her, one arm going just below her shoulders, the other reaching down to cup her padded bum.

“Miss me, Ali?” Alex leans in and Frenches Riley. “That much, huh?” Riley still grinning sets Alex down gently “By the way, love the whole open shirt over special undies look, very cute. Although it seems like you had more clothes earlier?” Riley says in a mischievous and humorous tone as Alex blushes. “This is so embarrassing but I kind of leaked this morning and my t’s currently drying.” Alex stammered “And are you wet now?” Riley teasingly asks as she places a hand down the front of Alex’s undies feeling her still pee damp sex. “Eep!”

“So, is this from earlier or were you just that excited to see me?” Alex’s face once again turns crimson “Maybe a little of both?” She jokes back out of instinct her mind boggling at the idea of a diaper check as flirting? Possibly foreplay? “And it’s look like you’re now getting even wetter.” Riley said as she stuck her middle finger inside Alex massaging her now very wet vagina before removing her hand and leaving a now extremely horny and flustered Alex standing there to compose herself.

The girls began to chat as Riley rubbed some hand sanitizer from her suit pocket into her hands before kicking off her snow boots and picking up one duffel bag, Alex grabbing the other. “I brought mostly clothes, pajamas and socks, I figured we’d basically be lounging around all day so that seemed appropriate. I also brought my LAN party box, so we can settle our long running ‘Mortal Combat’ feud and I just got the box set of the trades of ‘On Glorious Iron Wings’ so that we can pick up where we left off before classes got in the way.”

“Hell, Yes!” Alex pumps her fist. “Oh, and I also brought a bunch of our ‘Ali and Riley fun time toys’.” Riley said with a wicked grin on her face as Alex’s resumes a neon sign hue; knowing full well what that means. The conversation moves to comparing battle scars from the previous semester. The girls are attending University of Michigan together. Alex is studying digital arts and graphic design. Riley is an engineering major. They had been high school sweethearts, before becoming college girlfriends. Their first night at college the girls had pushed the twin beds of their dorm room together and proceeded to fill their floor with the sounds of joyful and enthusiastic lesbian lovemaking. Lately though they had been having a bit of dry spell, as classes and extracurricular’s ate into their time. This was their first time seeing each other after leaving school for winter break as Riley had been visiting relatives out of state. Both girls are extremely eager to make up for lost time.

Once in the break room the girls set the duffel bags down and continue catching up. The conversation proceeds uninterrupted as Riley takes a moment to strip out of her snow suit. First, she unzips it and shrugs her arms out of the sleeves, revealing a skin tight white thermal top that does nothing to hide her perky b-cups. Seconds later the heavy jumpsuit slides down her legs, pooling around her ankles. Riley bends over slightly as she works the jumpsuit the rest of the way off. Treating Alex to a view of her cute, pert, little, bottom, wonderfully toned from hundreds of hours of dead lift squats; in the process. Her matching white, footed, thermals leaving very little to the imagination. After getting out of her suit Riley sprawls in the chair across from Alex, legs splayed, her tight fitting base layer doing nothing to hide her erect nipples and engorged lips. The girls continue their conversation for another half hour or so stopping only to make lunch.

After lunch, “So Ali you need a change?” Alex splutters almost spraying soda across the table “What!?”

“Well your underwear is pretty soaked with pee and girl juice, so I figured you’d want a fresh pair. Plus, you said you had trouble getting the tape ups on and I think it would be a smart idea to wear one to avoid any leaks like from this morning.” Riley says in a business-like tone that would have done any nurse proud. “You actually want to do that?”

“You actually want to clean up my dirty privates after I’ve wet myself repeatedly?!” Alex asks bewildered.

“One. Honestly, it’s not that a big a deal for me. I’ve changed my nieces and nephews plenty of times. Two. We’ve already seen each other at our best and worst; remember that time when on my fifth birthday I was so scared of the mouse at ‘Chuckie Cheese’s’ I peed myself, then ran and hid in the ball pit? Remember how on our first day of school we were so nervous, and you told me that we had each other’s backs, and nobody could touch us, so long as that was the case.”

“And then you said, ‘Yeah by the end of the day we’ll be running this place gangsta’ style’”

“Shit, we didn’t even know what that last part meant back then” Alex said busting out laughing at the end. Riley continues “How about all those times as kids we would catch the same bugs, so we would ride it out together, not even bothering to close the in-suite door when one of us would stagger into the bathroom to wreck the toilet.”

“Oh! sweet Flying Spaghetti Monster those were the worst!”

“Then there were the good times, all those times our folks would take us camping and we would do all that amazing Norman Rockwell bullshit! Toasting marshmallows and hotdogs before holding hands and watching the stars. You knew all the constellations buy eight.”

“Remember middle school Ali?”

“Jesus what a cluster fuck!” Alex says once again breaking out into laughter “Your telling me, but we got through it together. Sharing tips and horror stories when we first got our periods, playing pranks and dodging bullies with Jake, Karim, and Terra, watching you proudly present some of your art on the local PBS station.”

“Don’t forget how you won the eighth-grade science fair with your tire changing robot.”

“The mark II version is still in use.” Riley said grinning. “Then we found out after many a long night of riveting discussion that we both crushed harder on the lead sing of our favorite goth band, “Sisters of the Elder Fire”, than we did on any of the boy bands; but…..”

“It still took us till sophomore year to figure out just how much we actually liked each other.” Alex finished her face beaming. “And our first time, Ali?” Alex’s wistful and nostalgia tinged smile simply will not fade “We were young newly minted lesbians who had decided to make our love a statement, we were each going to be the penetrative and receptive partner simultaneously when we made love for the first time. To that end we bought a double headed dildo, seven inches, and rainbow colored no less.”

“I remember you trying to explain to your uncle why you needed his credit card, you were stammering and stuttering so much, he thought you had crashed the car at first.” Riley said, smirking as once again Alex does her tomato impression before continuing. “The night arrived junior prom, after the festivities had died down we drove out to the casino in Brightwater were Uncle Lewis had generously booked us a room. We spent an hour or two exploring each other’s bodies with tongues and fingers, and having a good six or seven orgasms between us.

Then the moment of truth arrived and after a bit of trial and error finding the right position we decided to do it quick like tearing off a band aid. We slammed our bodies together, the fading pain mixing with the endorphins and oxytocin to create a strange euphoria as we “came” down for the final time that night. I remember us both crying into each other’s shoulders as all the feelings rushed out at once. Joy, physical exhilaration, first time nerves, love, and a strange melancholy sadness of knowing that we could never be here again and that one day it would all end. All those feelings mixing and pooling along with our blood on the sheets.” Alex’s voice fades and becomes wistful. “Then it was a whirl wind of senior year and college, with test’s, parties, stress, and way too much takeout. And now here we are.” Riley finishes before pausing briefly “So why the fuck after all that do you think that I’m the slightest bit bothered by the thought of cleaning off your pee coated crotch?!!”

Alex sits quietly for a moment and without even realizing it begins to pee herself, the emotional weight of the situation causing her to lose control. Looking down she notices the pee spilling out of her overtaxed pullup, pooling in the seat of the chair, before running down onto the floor. In a voice husky and cracking with emotion “Riley… I… I wet myself and need you to change me.”

“No problem Ali, just give me a minute to grab some supplies and then I’ll have you nice and clean and dry. Okay, love?”

“Sounds great” Alex says smiling softly. When Riley returns she is pushing one those odd miniature shopping carts you sometimes see in smaller stores, loaded down with goods. “Now first we need something to change you on. It seems like the simplest and most comfortable solution is to a put some kind of changing pad over the mattress. These should do nicely.” Riley say’s as she pulls out a package of the bed pads, ripping it open before placing one on the mattress.

“Then we can actually change you. Lewis told me that he occasionally gets orders for the primo kind of disposable undies, so he always keeps a few cases in stock behind the pharmacy counter. I grabbed a pack of these Molicares, there supposed to be all space age, German engineered, amazingness or something. I guess will find out soon enough Ali.” Riley rips open the pack and places one on the mattress.

“Finally, we got this.” She says holding a bottle labeled Areosport Performance: antifriction powder. It’s a high-powered product aimed at athletes, designed to prevent your junk chafing or getting swampy no matter how extreme the conditions. And bonus points it’s supposed to never clump, is hypoallergenic, and designed not to irritate your bits if it gits up in there.”

“Now get your but over here and let’s get you changed!” Riley says playfully patting the mattress.

Alex takes off her shirt and bra, then lies back on the changing pad as Riley snaps on a pair of nitrile exam gloves. Then placing her hands inside the waist band, she pulls up and away in a single smooth motion tearing the briefs open and out from under Alex in one go. This leaves Alex naked except for her socks, legs splayed, as her girlfriend grins down at her with a Cheshire cat expression.

Riley takes her time using the wet wipes to clean Alex’s thighs, but, and groin. Particular care is taken, perhaps more than strictly necessary, to clean her girl’s vulva and crevice. Although Alex doesn’t seem to think so, as she makes soft contented noises in response to Riley’s attentiveness. Throwing the spent wipes onto the destroyed pull up she turns to Alex, a playful smirk on her face.

“Does your little kitty need some grooming” Alex looks down at her stubbly crotch. “Yeah I haven’t done it since this past weekend and with the whole diaper thing it’s probably a good idea to keep it short.”

“All right then Riley’s salon is open for business!” saying this as she gets up tossing the spent pullup and peeling off her gloves. Heading to the sink she washes her hands and fills a small plastic tub with warm water. Humming “Hooked on a Feeling” to herself as she does so; before grabbing a small pair of scissors, razor, wash cloth and shaving cream out her toiletries bag. Then walking back over to Alex, still smiling and humming.

She starts by trimming down the center of Alex’s bush to a short length before wiping the area off with a warm damp washcloth. Then taking a hand full of shaving cream proceeds to rub it into her girlfriend’s pubic area. Alex closes her eyes as she relaxes and zones out, enjoying the sensations. Riley still humming takes the razor and shaves the stubble back into a small neat v, pointing the way from bikini line to vulva.

She wipes down Alex’s sex with the wash cloth before applying more shaving cream to her perineum, going lower and working it in between her cheeks, causing Alex to make more breathy pleasure noises as her girlfriends circling fingers massage her rose bud. With a few deft strokes she finishes shaving, rinses and disinfects the razor, giving Alex a very thorough final wipe down before sliding two fingers into her by now very aroused vagina. “Oh shit, Riley”

“You like this, Ali”

“Hell yeah! it’s been months, I need this, I need you. Riley please make me cum!” and with that Riley slides one hand up to Alex’s breasts massaging them and teasing her nipples while the other rhythmically work’s its finger in and out of her sex. Occasionally pulling out to teasingly work its way up her lips to her clit, circling it slowly, before sliding back down. Riley pauses leaving a confused and horny Alex in suspense for a thirty count, before running her tongue from perineum to clit in a single stroke, causing a startled Alex to cry out “Ayeeh!! Oh shifuc Riley! more, please! Please love, I need you to devour me.” And Riley proceeds to do just that working her girlfriends sex with tongue and fingers, before briefly working her way down to Alex’s rosebud once again. She runs her tongue over it tasting Alex’s sweat and earthy musk. “Mmm”

“Riley, likes sweaty buthole” Alex teases in a sing song voice causing both girls to laugh hysterically as the mood briefly swings in a one eighty, the girls take a moment to catch their breath before resuming. It’s not long before Alex is at the brink. Sensing this Riley begins to mercilessly tongue her clit before sliding a cum coated middle finger right into her girlfriend’s rear end and working it in and out. Thirty seconds later, Alex launches into the stratosphere, and her hips lock around Riley’s face as she tries her damnedist to hump it off her….. The girls, breathless, beam at each other their faces glowing. Alex lies sprawled on the mattress, shaky, sweaty, her groin and thighs covered in her own juices. She is also the happiest she has been in months. Riley kneels above her, face coated in her girlfriends cum, the crotch of her white thermals visibly soaked with her own.

After taking a moment to recover Alex grabs Riley and pulls her onto the mattress, leaning in to kiss her passionately, her crotch grinding against her girlfriends, and soaking her already wet leggings. Alex breaks contact just long enough to haul Riley’s thermals down to her knees before beginning to vigorously pleasure her sex with tongue and fingers. Riley’s panting staccato instructions guiding her to all the right spots.

As Riley nears climax, Alex prepares to go for the kill. Pulling Riley’s thermal bottoms the rest of the way off, Alex then rolls her onto her knees before applying her skillful tongue and fingers to her girlfriends anus. You see Riley loves, the “but sex”, both giving and receiving. Right now, she is close to euphoric as Alex’s tongue and fingers explore her forbidden intimate area. Which is why it only takes an additional two minutes to bring her to a very vigorous orgasm that is surprisingly silent in it’s intensity. Facing each other now “Looks like I’m not the only one who likes sweaty butthole.” The girls share a laugh before going in for a kiss, the taste of their most intimate places mingling on each other’s tongues before they collapse exhausted, cuddling each other as they drift off to sleep.

After waking up a couple hours later Riley gives Alex a more platonic cleaning of her intimate areas before taping a fresh pair of special underwear on. “So, what I do is slide this under your but, then I apply the antichafe powder, then we tape you up like so and now your fresh and dry.”

“Okay that’s done let’s get you dressed”

“You don’t have to do that.”

“It’s Okay. I want to, and I might as well finish what I started.”

“Okay?” Riley grabs a pair of Alex’s pajamas from the bag; black, loose-fitting, cotton with rainbow polka dots. She holds up the bottoms as Alex steps into them before helping her into the top and buttoning it. “Thanks babe” Alex is confused and conflicted in terms of her feelings on the whole experience “Earth to Alex; you there, girl?”

“Uh, Yeah sorry”

“Everything Okay?”

“I don’t know I just hate feeling so, I don’t know. I guess I’m still adjusting to and getting over the embarrassment and humiliation of being a diapered twenty something university student, of being treated like a child. And yet…. I liked it or at least parts of it. I liked not having to get out of bed to pee, I… I liked the feeling of warmth encasing my junk, I liked the feeling of intimacy and closeness when you changed me and dressed me.”

“Does that make me a freak?”

“Who the fucks cares? I’ll take my freaky girl over a normal any day!!”

“Hold onto that and never be a shamed of liking something so harmless. I mean do you see me screaming and running a way you’re some kind of B movie monster?” Alex laughs

“Do you want to learn how to change your special underwear, so you can do it yourself? That way you can wear one and still be in charge of your own bathroom business? You’d have a choice, take care of replacing your disposable toilet yourself, if your feeling all business. Or have your girlfriend do it because it turns out that’s a wonderful way of getting some TLC and bonding in.”

“Yeah that sound good Riley”

“So let’s get started then! You can practice putting one on me first.” Riley says as she flops onto the mattress. “Wait you’re wearing one?”

“Well how did you think I was going to handle things Ali?”

“I know I’m the next best thing to perfect but even I have to piss and shit. It’s just I happen to piss champagne and shit rainbow sherbet.” After another fit of laughter Alex then proceeds to place a pair of special undies on Riley according her instructions. After taking a few tries to get the tapes right, she grabs a pair of pajamas for Riley and helps her into them. They’re tight fitting with a green, yellow and black southwest print. They also very clearly show off the extra padding on her backside.

It is now close to four o’clock and the girls are in full gaming marathon mode. Bags of snacks of litter the mattress as they attempt plow through the co-op campaign on Magus: The Accession. After getting stomped by a boss for the third time in a row Riley slumps back onto the mattress groaning in frustration. “Time for a break?” Alex asks, “Yeah God that temple guardian”

“Tell me about it” riley suddenly let’s out a small gasp and goes quite her face noticeably flushed. “You Okay?” then realizing what’s going on Alex grins and sticks a hand down the front of Reily’s pajamas. The front of her special panties is noticeably warm. The girls share a knowing look “Shit that feels good I’ve been holding it since this morning.”

“Riley likes using her special underwear?” Alex teases. “Yep this actually feels surprisingly nice once you get over the initial weirdness. I guess were wearing these for all our marathon sessions now?”

“I can’t believe I’m being serious but yeah I want to keep wearing the special underwear on certain occasions after this is over.”

“I mean you’re not going to judge me Riley and I doubt uncle Lewis would and no one else needs to know so…” Alex goes quite as she snuggles up to Riley. Nothing else needs to be said as Riley’s hand cups her padded crotch feeling it slowly warm up as the girl’s share another knowing look.

The gaming marathon continues until midnight the girls only pausing for dinner and a quick change then resuming their epic quest. Around one a.m. the girls fall asleep exhausted from their exciting day tangled up in each other’s arms. They barely wakeup an hour later as they fill their special undies.

*055*2017-12-05 01:57

Sorry for the lack of updates lot of stuff going lately including flu and visiting relatives. I should have more Alex and Riley adventures up by the end of the week. Fair warning there is going to be some messing content. I could leave it out but I feel having someone go more than four or five days without taking a shit is kind of unrealistic so....

*057*2017-12-10 03:53

Thursday

9:32 a.m.

The girls wake up slowly doing their business as they continue to cuddle under the warm blankets for another half hour before getting up to brush their teeth in the breakroom sink. Sharing a comfortable if still groggy silence. They become more animated and talkative as they start breakfast working together to quickly whip up a couple omelets and home fries. Over breakfast they excitedly discuss their independent studies course for next semester. “I can’t believe we actually get to do a project course together Riley. I know right! And this could be huge for our portfolios.

I’m nervous about all the code work involved though; you’ve always been the tech head Riley. Don’t sweat it Aly most of the work is going to be using pregen objects anyway and I’ll be there if you get stuck. You got this girl! MechanoSim is going to be great!” The project in question is going to be a VR sim designed to teach basic mechanical concepts. Riley is working on the bulk of the coding and physics engine, Alex is doing graphics and UI. The girls continue to talk about details of the project such as how they'll handle licensing and the best way to simulate natural movement. At one point during the conversation Alex spreads her legs wider leans over the counter and lets loose a torrent in her special panties neither girl misses a beat as Alex's bladder continues emptying itself.

*059*2017-12-10 04:16

{{5 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a great chapter I loved the ending

}}

One more small update before I finish for the day :)

The girls go about their day in a strangely normal fashion talking/catching up, reading comics, playing video games and watching Netflix. The only difference between them and any other pair of twenty somethings is that their stuck in a 24-hour store with a broken bathroom and as a consequence wearing diapers. Both girls are getting used to the protective underwear and even beginning to enjoy the freedom as they go about their day. Shortly after dinner however Alex is noticeably less comfortable as her stomach starts to rumble and make other distressed unpleasant noises as it cramps up. This makes Alex realize that she is several days over due for taking a dump….

*060*2017-12-10 04:38

“Riley?” her tone quite and nervous “I have to take a dump”

“So go a head and poop.”

“Wa?”

“You’re wearing underwear that’s made to be peed and pooped in, so don’t hold back on my account.”

“Right sorry it’s just…”

“Overcoming decades of social conditioning don’t sweat it” Alex strains for bit before letting out a sound somewhere between a duck and a sheet being torn down the middle. “Sorry”

“Don’t be you don’t ever have to be ashamed of your body or what it does around me. You need to fart let it rip, you need to blow your nose no problem, you need to piss…. piss, you need to change a pad or tampon feel free, you need take a dump… take as big and loud of one as you need, you need to masturbate feel free to drop trow and finger blast yourself all the way to O-town. We’ve loved each other in one way or another sense kindergarten! I’ll take the whole you, including the messy and gross parts. Because those are part of being human.” A red-faced Alex gets up and hugs Riley before popping a squat in the middle of the breakroom.

*064*2017-12-14 00:52

Alex continues to strain as she tries to empty her bowels, letting out several loud wet farts in the process. “Anything?”

“I think I may have sharted a little, but no I don’t think so. “Let me check” Alex stands up and Riley walks over pulling her pajama pants down and pulling out the back of the diaper to peek inside. “Yeah you sharted, I can see a wet brownish yellow stain but nothing else.”

“I think I may be a little constipated which would explain why I haven’t had to go till now.”

“No worries Ali I got you covered, just give me one minute.”

Riley returns quickly with a small box. “Okay Ali just lie down on your side, you’ll be feeling better in no time.” Alex places a mat on the mattress and then goes to lie down as Riley grabs the rest of the supplies. Riley quickly removes Alex’s shirt and diaper then gives her a wipe down before getting up and tossing the soiled briefs. She then roles Alex back onto her side and slides a gloved and lubed middle finger straight into Alex’s rectum causing her to gasp.

After working the lubricant into Alex’s rear entrance, she grabs the suppository and slides it home eliciting another small pleasure tinged gasp from Alex. “Okay now this is going to need to stay in for, oh… about five minutes so the suppository can do its work.” Riley says as she works a three-inch plug, coated with even more lube, into Alex’s ample bum. The process causes Alex to emit even more small breathy pleasure noises as the silicon toy fills her. “Looks like I’m already making your but feel better, hey Ali?” Riley says grinning. “Yeah I’m already feeling better how about that?” Alex says giggling. After five minutes Riley removes the plug from Alex accompanied by another faint gasp. Riley rips open a new pack of briefs and heads over to Alex “So let’s get you into a new pair of special undies.” She says as she wipes the excess lube from Alex’s crevice and powders her. “These seem bigger” Alex says noting the increased bulk and thickness of these new “special undies”

“There a bariatric model designed for max absorbency and capacity.” She says as she slides the bulky padded briefs under her girl friend and tapes them up. “You can pee and poop them all day and never have to worry about a leek. So, they should be more than capable of handle your near weeklong backlog.” ………….

“Ali?”

“Earth to Ali.” Alex is staring off into space her legs splayed wide as the diaper’s considerable bulk prevents them from closing “So how do you feel?”

“Oh, what sorry this is just so fucking weird. With the others I could almost pretend they were normal underwear but with these there’s no pretense. Hell, I can’t even close my legs! I’m wearing a diaper and what’s more I’m going to shit in it because almost nobody can hold their shit for a week straight.”

“Are you doing Okay head space wise?”

“Yeah just adjusting.”

“Hold me?”

“Of course.”

Riley lies down next to Alex holding her. One arm is around Alex’s shoulder the other begins to gently rub Alex’s stomach in a circular motion as she starts to softly whisper. “I love you Ali so much, nothing is ever going to change that. I don’t care that you’re weird, messy and gross; that’s part of being human. The messy biology stuff is just part of the journey.” She begins to stroke Alex’s hair and begins to apply more pressure as the belly rub turns into a massage.

“Everyone has to poop, there are no toilets so you’re going to shit yourself while wearing a diaper…. And that’s okay! I’m not going to love or think any less of you because you’re a twenty something who shit a diaper. I love you Ali and nothing can change that. I want you to be healthy and holding it in for four or five days isn’t healthy, so I want you to do a me a favor and fill that diaper. Can you do that for me Ali? Make a nice big mess in your diaper? Your safe, your loved, no body’s going to judge you. Go ahead and mess yourself for me Ali!"

And with that Alex let’s go. A low groan escapes her as she let’s out several loud wet farts and a massive log slides out of her and up between her legs as the diaper blocks its escape. “Riley….” her face red and her voice soft but cracking with emotion “I just pooped my diaper.”

Her voice rises as tears begin to stream down her face “I’m a grown ass woman and I just shit myself!” and as she says this her bladder and bowels release simultaneously her diaper becomes bloated as several large logs fill it smushing together. “It’s okay, I love you Ali, you did good and messed your diaper just like you were supposed to. “But…. I like it… it feels good… you’re not supposed to like messing your pants!”

“Who the fucks says!!? After holding it in for several days taking a big dump can feel amazing so of course it feels great!” Alex begins to laugh uncontrollably as she fills her diaper. “You’re right this all so ridiculous, the situation, the hangs up I’m stuck with… So, fuck it!! I’m just going to enjoy the ride.” She says with a giant grin. Riley continues to hold a laughing and crying Alex as she finishes filling her diaper.

*066*2017-12-15 00:40

It takes several minutes for Alex to calm down and then another several spent silently being held before Riley breaks the silence. “How you doing Ali?”

“Good?” her voice cracks a bit before returning to normal. “I’m actually really surprisingly good. Once you get over the initial shock messing yourself, like pissing yourself is not that horrible an experience. It was surprisingly cathartic? I think that’s the word? Like a whole bunch of metaphorical head baggage shit got expelled along with all the literal shit. Like it’s made out to be this horrible, mortifying experience but now that I’ve done it’s actually not that a big a deal and I don’t see what I was freaking out about earlier. That speech was beautiful by the way Riley. I just want to say thank you and now I’m rambling.” Alex cuts off abruptly blushing. “It’s Okay and your welcome.” Riley says grinning. “I bet it also felt good to get all that out physically.”

“Oh God yes! And also, weirdly warm and squishy like not in bad or good way just there…” Alex trails off.

“So I’m going to rig up something to get us cleaned up because besides the big mess you made in your special panties I think both of us are getting kind of ripe from several days of not showering and amazing hot sex.” Alex face still flushed asks “Am I all sweaty and gross Riley?” Riley leans down and sniffs Alex’s musky armpits. “Yep but that’s okay because I’m not exactly feeling fresh myself.” Riley peels off her shirt while she says this and feels under her breasts.

“I’ve even got some serious under boob sweat going on and my pits probably smell just as bad yours.” Riley leans down and shoves one of her sweaty armpits in Alex’s face who proceeds to inhale the musky scent before giving it a good long lick, causing Riley to yelp and fall back onto the mattress laughing her full bladder letting out a spurt from the surprise before she let’s go completely. “You’re nasty girl!” ….. “But I like nasty.” Riley say’s with an evil grin causing Alex to turn an even deeper shade of red. Riley get’s up to go jury rig a shower a freshly wet diaper sitting comfortably between her legs and making a noticeable bulge in her tight pajama pants.

*068*2017-12-21 04:46

Sorry for the lack of recent of updates been dealing with name change related legal stuff and family shit these past couple weeks going to try and get back on track with a small update.

Alex meanwhile decides to just relax and enjoy things continuing to read her comic as she sits in her wet and messy diaper. The warmth is actually quite pleasant and the smell is only mildly noticeable. Alex even squishes her but against the mattress a few times feeling her poop smush and spread around the inside of the diaper it’s an unusual sensation but not unpleasant. Her relaxation is occasionally interrupted by the sound of hammering, banging, and the whine of a reciprocating saw coming from the direction of the bathroom.

About forty-five minutes to an hour later Riley returns dressed in overalls a heavy work apron, boots, and with thick gloves and googles. “Dam girl you look like something out of construction fetish vid!” Alex says giggling. Rileys throws the goggles and gloves onto the table before taking off the apron and kicking off the boots “Yeah with the added kink factor being that the big bad butch can’t control her bladder and secretly likes to have her diapers changed by her lover.” Riley says in a playful camp sultry voice that some how manages to combine sex and humor and make it work. She wiggles her but as she slips out of the overalls revealing a very wet diaper that is just starting to sag. “That does sound extra hot….” Alex says blushing as she stares intently at her lovers padded bum.

*070*2017-12-22 05:09

“Okay so let’s get you out of those spent undies and before we have a nice hot shower.”

“By the way how did you manage that?” Alex asked genuinely puzzled. “Your uncle has a lot of tools in the utility room, I mean like holy shit there was even gas welding gear! Since the bathrooms going to need major work any ways I decided that I might as well take the liberty of cutting into the hot water line and installing a new valve. All you have to do is pull a cord and it works mostly like a shower, only with somewhat less control.”

“Shit Riley, when we get a house were never gonna need a repair man are we?”

“Nope.” Riley says grinning. And with that she gloves up and gets to work on Alex.

She peels back the tabs and opens Alex’s diaper and is greeted by a rather strong smell “Woof!”

“That bad?”

“Let me put it this way… You’re covered in shit from ass to crotch.” Riley says with a teasing grin. “And I bet that turns you on you dirty perv!” Alex says as she sticks her tongue out. “I mean I’m not crazy about the shit but, I’d put up with any amount for a chance to feel that cute ass up.” Riley has a hungry wolfish smile on her. Alex’s face has almost permanently taken on the cast of a tomato by this point. Riley gets to work using her gloved hands to scoop the still solid chunks onto the diaper before swapping for a fresh pair and then using a dozen or so wet wipes to get the worst off; being careful not to get any inside Alex’s vagina. “Okay let’s hit the shower!” Riley dumps the used diaper and supplies into the trash before tearing her own off tossing it in. The naked girls then walk to bathroom to finish getting cleaned up.

The store bathroom is quite nice and is the only unisex multiple occupancy in the county. It is done in vaguely art deco style with all the stalls being essentially small closets with a toilet inside except for the handicap stall which is a small room in its own right. There are four urinals with plastic patterned curtains that can be drawn completely around them. Spoiling the effect is the obvious water damage and missing ceiling tiles exposing bits of the building guts. Above a drain in the middle of the floor is a long cord that leads to a complicated looking bit of MacGyveresque plumbing.

“So, we stand under this?” Alex looks very uncertain about the whole thing. “Yep. Don’t worry I tested the water temp it’s safe.” Riley pulls the cord and warm water shoots down like a fountain hitting the girls full force and causing Alex to let out a surprised yelp. After taking a moment to adjust the hot shower feels great and the girls get to work washing each other’s hair making contend noises as they enjoy the simple platonic pleasure, this ancient form of primate bonding brings.

After rinsing out their hair Alex takes a step back and spreads her legs wide, a mischievous grin on her face. “I’ve got to pee.” Alex then starts to release her own flood some of it spattering onto her thighs but most of it hits the floor before being carried down the drain.

Watching her love peeing freely causing something inside of Riley to stir that she can’t explain. Her lips and nipples are swollen, and her sex feels hot. She walks up to Alex and grabs her crotch in mid-pee, feeling the hot liquid coating her hand as she shoves two fingers into her lover. “Yeahhh shit, Riley what are you doing? Not that I’m complaining that feels great but…”

“I have no fucking clue!” And with that Riley pulls Alex in for a long passionate kiss pulling them both down to their knees. She then pulls Alex on top of her breaking the kiss as her groin and Alex’s meet. Alex still peeing forcefully hits Riley’s sensitive lips full on. “Ayeeehhhh!!! Oh shifuck, That’s what I want! I want your hot piss my pussy Ali! Mark it and make it yours!” A shift in position causes the stream to hit Riley’s rock hard clit. “Oh fucccccckkkkk!!! Riley launches into the stratosphere humping her sex wildly against her lovers which causes Alex to blast off in turn and make some extremely loud and down right pornographic moans.

After a minute of panting exhaustion Alex asks the question. “So what was that about? Again not complaining; that was some seriously amazing hot shit! Just… curious.” Riley takes a minute to think. “I guess I was thinking about how nice the warmth from peeing my special panties felt and how it was actually strangely arousing just from a tactile perspective. Then I saw you cut loose and you looked so paradoxically vulnerable and confident at the same time.

It was so hot and intimate, and I just wanted you so badly. And then as you peed on me, there was this feeling of taboo naughty sexy mixed with physical sensation and the knowledge that this was something that came from inside my girl, a piece of her vital fluid raining on and getting inside of my most intimate area…. I don’t know it was a lot of things at once…..” Riley trails off looking up at Alex sheepishly. “I love you” Alex leans in to kiss Riley slowly and tenderly as the girls bathe in both the warm waters and the after glow......

*072*2017-12-22 05:51

{{13 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Hot damn that was excellent

}}

:)

*075*2017-12-24 02:20

After a few minutes the girls get up and finish washing each other. This time it’s less sexual and more enjoying each other’s touch from a physical/emotional perspective as well as the hot water. Although there is some low key sexual tension as Riley pops a squat above the drain, spreads her lips with her fingers, and begins to piss. Alex squats down in front, staring intently at her girlfriend’s sex. She can actually see her pee exiting the urethra before splashing to the floor.

She sits their studying Riley’s form not out of lust but aesthetic appreciation. Her feet with their cute toes. The toned muscles of her calves and thighs, leading up to her shaved sex with it’s bright pink lips from between which the golden stream falls. Then up to her toned stomach with the cute little stud in her belly button, her pert b-cups crowned by her little pointy pink nipples, then finally her face seemingly filled with vitality. The girls share a knowing smile and this time it’s Riley who is blushing.

Returning to the break room as they towel off the girls start to get ready for bed as it’s now getting close to ten o’clock. Riley spreads out a clean pad on the mattress “Ready for a fresh pair Ali?”

“Actually…. I think I need one more fuck, before bed” The blushingly coy expression on her face and the way she emphasizes the word “fuck” is a well-known signal between the two and Riley’s face once again begins to resemble the Cheshire cat’s as she goes over to one of the duffle bags. “Well lucky for you I brought a bunch of our favorite toys!” Riley fumbles around in the bag for a bit before pulling out a harness and stepping into it before working on something around the front. 

Turning around she struts over to Alex, one of the girl’s favorite dildos sitting proudly above her groin, doing an exaggerated “sexy walk” who’s effect is only slight spoiled by the large duffel bag she is carrying. The dildo is purple and not particularly large, only about five and half inches, but as they say size isn’t everything and this bad boy comes equipped with a ridged tip, g-spot and rear facing clitoral stimulator(so the giving partner also gets a little something), and the ability to put a small vibe inside.

“You want this baby?” Alex now lying on the mattress grins at Riley before sticking out her tongue and middle finger. Then begins to make a “come here” motion with it before spreading her legs wide enough that she’s almost doing a split and proceeds to shove her still extended middle finger into her vagina and lewdly finger herself. Her arousal on full display. “You’re such a goofus Ali!” Riley says as she playfully swats her girlfriend’s ass, causing her to let out a small yelp.

“That’s just one of the many things I love about you, this is another…” She says as she proceeds to pull Alex’s hand out of her vagina and suck/lick juices off it, basically performing fellatio on her middle digit which causes Alex to giggle. She then goes down to her girlfriend’s feet kissing them before planting kisses all the way up her calves to her thighs, before placing one dead center on her sex. Then working briefly lower she proceeds to french her loves freshly scrubed anus. Working her tongue in out she tastes the musk of her Alex. Before moving up to kiss her lips. Alex can taste herself but doesn’t give a dam, she wants Riley. Who is more than happy to oblige as she slowly works the purple member into her girlfriends sex…..

*076*2017-12-24 02:31

Couldn't resist giving you all a little tease for your Christmas (or Hanuka, Kwanzaa, festivus, Yule, etc.) present this year. Guess I'm on the naughty list.... ;)

