Kinky Crime Scene

Author: LilyBgirl

*000*2021-06-16 19:14

I am updating this story in the interactive section. However, to increase readers feedback, I will also be posting updates here.

These updates will have the interactive feature removed for those that just want to follow the chapters. If you wish to vote, please find the story in the interactive section...

The plan:

The idea is to role-play Daphne and Velma (from Scooby Doo) as they go about their jobs as Crime Scene Investigators. The story will feature adult themes in more ways than one; i.e. wetting, sex, murder ect. I plan to tell the story of a crime as Velma and Daphne look for clues to solve the mysetery so to speak. However, as well as writing a story about solving crime, the story will also feature Omorashi topics, of course!

Daphne and Velma are both into wetting themselves and holding. Should one or both girls wet themselves on the job, this will hinder them in the final evaluation resulting in the girls being given minor cases rather than more spectacular murder cases.

The characters:

**Velma's parts will appear in Orange whereas Daphne's parts will appear in Purple.

I've decided to add a bit of eye candy for the opening post so that you can imagine the characters as the story progresses. Velma, for those familiar, is characterized as a nerd. She has great attention to detail and is amazing at pinpointing clues at a crime scene. Velma falls on the shy side of the scale but can be fiesty when her true colours come out.

Velma takes the lead on analyzing clues and compiling evidence.

Daphne, unlike Velma, is much more outgoing and perhaps down to earth in the eyes of most people. She can be flirty, intuitive, or persuasive depending on the situation, making her perfect for interviewing suspects. Of course, as a CSI, Daphne has a keen eye to detail but she prefers to use her charm to get ahead when on a case. Daphne is more upredictable than Velma and is more likely to wait until the last minute before using the bathroom, even when on a case!

Daphne takes the lead on interviews and asking for warrants.

The Report Card:

Finally, the report card will act as your overview of the chapter. Here, any potential suspects will be listed. It will also show you how much each character needs to pee as a %. If the girls reach above 90% during the case, they are in danger of wetting themselves.

At the end of a case, the girls will celebrate and will be free to wet themselves. Whether this happens with a partner or alone depends on how the story has gone and whether the case was a success.

Daphne and Velma may wet themselves before the case is over but the scenarios at the end of a case will always be more intense and in depth since the girls will be happy of the rest!

*001*2021-06-21 18:07

Case 1 - Day 1 - Hotel Homicide

Daphne and Velma are at their local Starbucks in Spooksville when they get the call for their latest case. Work has been slow the last few months; the girls have solved a variety of crimes in that time: theft, robbery, drunk driving, but no major crimes, luckily. Their boss, Fred, however informs them of a murder at a local, budget hotel near the centre of town. The Cricketers Hotel. Hopefully you can hit the case for 6!

"Time to nip to the toilet before we go?" Velma asks. "Seriously, this has been the first major crime in months. We NEED to get to that crime scene". With that, Daphne grabs her purple coat and dashes out of the door, large coffee in hand. Velma, with a moan and an eye roll, reluctantly follows Daphne. She could really use the bathroom but she has a strong bladder. She should be able to wait comfortably until later. Velma grabs her large coffee - a possible mistake she thinks, what the heck! - and joins Daphne in the van.

The Cricketers Hotel:

Daphne arrives first at the crime scene. Velma is hanging back for some reason. She looks worried, maybe she is showing nerves due to the horrific nature of the crime. Daphne however, is brimming with confidence. She is sure they can solve this crime and gain glowing reviews from their boss, Fred. Although they are not dating, Daphne kind of has the hots for their boss. They have been for drinks on more than one occassion but Daphne is hoping that things may progress further. He is so hot.

She shows her I.D which contains her age (25), her address and her ethnicity. She wishes she could share more personal details to Fred though; details that are currently restricted to her own personal diary.

Relationship Status: Single - but has a strong attraction to Fred (Unfortunately her boss)

Sexual Preference: Straight - but she feels she would experiment with women too!

Bladder Size: Medium

Willpower: Medium

KInks: Bondage / Wetting

Weaknesses: Hates insects

Daphne is taken straight to the hotel room which is also the crime scene. The report was accurate. The Cricketers hotel is clearly a no thrills, budget hotel. Many of the walls, despitte being reletively clean, could do with a lick of paint. The room itself is fairly unremarkable apart from the lifelss body laying in the double bed. The victim is a young woman of diminutive nature. Daphne is of average height an she would estimate the victim to be a few inches smaller. Poor woman. The room looks undisturbed suggesting whoever killed the girl had access to the room or was allowed in by the victim. Daphne continues to sip on her large coffee, waiting for Velma since she usually takes the lead on gathering evidence.

When 5 minutes pass and Velma still hasn't arrived, Daphne decides to make a start on investigating the body. Velma will surely have a look too and double check her partner's findings. They are a well oiled machine by now. the first thing Daphne notices is the severe bruising round the victim's neck - ligature marks Velma wuld call them. The victim has clearly been strangled as the cause of death. At one point, the young investigator would be overcome with emotion at this point, but now she is merely determined to find justice for the victim. Daphne deduces that the victim may have known the killer due to the fact that she allowed the killer in and the passionate nature of the death. Daphne wonders if there may have even been a sexual relationship at play here. Maybe bondage gone wrong? Sex taken too far? She hopes not since she loves bondage and that would surely put her off trying it in the bedroom.

Another glaringly obvious piece of evidence is a $20 bill that has been placed in the victim's mouth. Does that signify anything? did the victim owe money or is this just insult to injury? Velma will surely dust the bill for prints but Daphne doubts she will find anyhting of use. Speaking oif Velma...

Velma hangs back as her eager partner rushes into the Cricketers hotel, flashing her ID to the nearby police. Velma does the same but she is hoping she can find a toilet before she has to search for clues. She has almost fineshed her coffee and is simply bursting to pee. As the more senior of the two detectives, Velma doesn't wait to be caught holding her private area in agony on such an important case. She glances at her ID which reveals her Age (28) among other things. She also has a piece of paper that is for her eyes only. It is a fact file that her theraptist urged her to write years ago when she was having trouble finding her identity. It has some interesting tit-bits that are still true!

Relationship Status: Single

Sexual Preference: Lesbian

Bladder Size: Large

Willpower: Strong

Kinks: Diapers, bondage, wetting (Obviously), bladder restrictive clothing (Clearly a very kinky person in private!)

Weaknesses: Her eyesight without glasses

Velma tells herself that she must bin the paper. She doesn't want this info falling into the wrong hands. Upon entering the dull, dark hotel - it really does need new lighting - Velma doesn't see any toilets. She curses and gives her aching pussy a quick squeeze. She will have to go up to the crime scene. She has no choice. The manager is standing outside the unfortunate bedroom. He looks frustrated and impatient, but Daphne usually gets a better read on suspects. She will have siezed him up and made her early judgement. Velma will remind her that they must follow the evidence, though. Sometimes the most convenient solution isn't the correct one.

Before getting down to work, Velma tries her luck. The manager has a name tag on, reading 'Jeff Stein'. Fingers crossed. "Could i use the toilet before I go in?" Velma asks the manager, busting out a little pee dance to show how increasing desperate she is becoming. She really doesn't want to leak in her orange panties. Daphne always knows when she's leaked and demands to see later. Spending so much time together, the girls know about each others fetish. They also sometimes indulge it in their spare time!

"No sorry, I've closed the hotel for investgation. And i'd really like to open again as soon as possible. This is a business after all." Jeff brushes off her pleas.

"Please, I'm really bursting here".

"Just hurry up in there and I might let you go on your way out".

Velma will have to just hold her wee until she's finished. She isn't entirely surprised. People don't tend to react too well to investigator's presence. They never let her use the toilet! Maybe she'll be allowed on the way out. Velma knows it depends how stressful the investigation is for the manager. If he's a suspect or he's annoyed, she will be kicked out before she uses the toilet. She'll just piss herself on the street then...maybe.

She enters the room, and instantly gets down to work. "What's up, need to pee?" Daphne asks, clearly not fooled. "How did you..." Velma stutters, forgetting how perceptive Daphne can be. "Don't worry, I need a wee too. Let's crack on. I've searched the body already. No name but the victim was strangled to death". Velma instantly locates a torn piece of cloth under the bed. It's been ripped from the bed sheets. "There's our likely murder weapon. The killer improvised meaning he likely didn't plan to kill her tonight". Velma is in full swing now, ignoring her busting bladder. She also finds some skin under the fingernails of the victim. "See there" Velma points the flakes of skin out to Daphne. "Indicates a struggle took place". Velma greedily collects both pieces of evidence.

Although she could almost let a river of pee out all over this carpet, Velma takes no shortcuts. She scourrs the room, spotting an expensive looking ring on the dresser. "This can't have been a robbery. This ring looks like it's worth a fortune. No thief would leave this here". daphne watches, always impressed by the thouroughness of her partner, even while cradling a full coffee in her bladder. The ring has the initials J.M etched into it. Maybe the victim's initials?

Before proceeding, Velma dusts the room for prints. She always does this and it has paid dividens on more than one occassion. She finds some prints on TV and on the bathroom door. "Okay, what now? And don't ask me to pee myself" Velma jokes. "Too bad. We still need to interview the manager. I'll take the lead on that or else we could check out the bathroom". Daphne is clerly raring to interview a potential suspect, but they need to investigate the bathroom first. There could be clues in there!

*002*2021-06-22 07:16

Case 1 - Day 1 - Hotel Homicide:

The girls decide to search the bathroom before inteviewing the suspect. They want to find all possible clues first. Velma's aching bladder will have to wait but she should be okay until the investigation is over.

$$

Velma decides to take the lead investigating the bathroom. Her bladder is screaming at her for release, especially seeing a toilet so close, but she is aware that she must not rush herself. She will have to to hold her wee, hopefully avoiding leaking in her orange panties in the process. Daphne hangs around as a second pair of eyes as she prepares to interview Mr Stein - the hotel manager.

The eagle-eyed Velma quickly spots an unusual stain on the sink. "We need the Luminol" she says to Daphne while giving her vagina another tight squeeze. STill dry. Velma is determined to keep it that way. Daphne sprays the stain which is revealed to be blood! "Definitely blood but the victim wasn't bleeding. It could be the killer's" Velma notes. "I'll swab it" Daphne suggests, hoping that it will indeed lead them to the killer once they get it back to the lab.

To Velma's relief, they are about to finish their investigation of the bathroom. In the final glance of the room, Velma however spots some short hairs above the toilet. "Could be anybody, but we better collect these. They could be useful when determining who has been in this room". Daphne nods and collects the strands of hair. "They aren't the same colour s the victim" she notes, which gains a nod of approval from Velma. "Could be the killer again?" Velma muses before adding "We better interview the manager before he bolts... or before i piss myself".

$$

Daphne has prepared herself for an interview with the manager, Jeff Stein. He is a potential supect, although nothing ties him to the victim at first glance. Daphne is yet unsure what to make of Mr Stein. He seems frustrated and restless having police in his hotel, but Daphne isn't sure if that is just hIs natural reaction to a murder in his hotel, or whether he is hiding sinister actions. Daphne grabs her notebook and pen, introduces herself to the anxious hotel manager, and places herself at a respectable distance from the potential suspect.

"Mr Stein, did you know the victim. Maybe who she was, where she worked?" - D

"She registered just with the name Jess. I believe she worked at the local casino. The girl seemed nice and pretty... you know." - J

Daphne recalls the ring they found with the initials J.Y engraved into it. Almost certainly the victim's, Jess's, ring.

"Okay Mr Stein, and who would have access to the room?" - D

"Other than me as the manager, only registered guests have access. Anybody else entering the room must be buzzed in by the guest." - J

"We found evidence that somebody other than the victim used the bathroom. Any idea who that could be?" - D

"I hope this isn's casting doubt on myself. I'm just an honest hotel manager but obviously i'm in all of the rooms frequently. Otherwise, they could belong to a cleaner or vistor to Jess'" - J

"And did Jess have any vistors tonight?" - D

"Couldn't tell you. Guests sign in using a name and address. Other than that i tr not to hassle the guests. I'll show you the guestbook" - J

*Daphne takes the guest book.

"Thank you for you help, Mr Stein" - D

Jeff Stein merely nods at Daphne as she concludes her interview. She studies the guestbook and finds an address that Jess has used to register into the hotel - 13 Roosevelt Street. Jotting down the address, Daphne makes a point to Velma that they should pay a visit there in the morning. "Can we go now? I'm seriously about to piss myself. I wish I was in a diaper" Velma jokes. "Oh behave" Daphne replies, rolling her eyes. "Lets call for another coffee on the way home".

"I can't think off coffee right now" Velma moans, rubbing her vagina. "Oww i'm bursting, I hope Mr Stein didn't notice".

*003*2021-06-22 19:20

Case 1 - Day 1 - Hotel Homicide:

The girls collectively decide to leave the crime scene without using any of the toilets. They don't want to push their luck with the irritable hotel owner. If he is to be ruled out as a suspect, his co-ooperation going foward could be vital. Daphne is starting to really need a wee now. But for Velma, who is now frantic, the owner's co-operation could be a reward gained by her wetting her panties. They thank Mr Stein for his help and leave the dingy hotel. Velma is moaning. If her bladder was a cup, it would be overflowing onto the table. It earns her a cold stare from Mr Stein. "Don't mind her" Daphne laughs and ushers her poor, suffering friend into the van.

The girls are now done for the day in terms of investigating. They will visit the address given to them by Mr Stein in the morning but, for now, it is too late. Daphne, rather maliciously, decides the girls should call at Starbucks again on the way home. Even though neither girl has used the toilet since their last trip to Starbucks hours ago. Velma, in particular, is getting pracauriously close to wetting herself. Luckily, she was able to hold it throughout the investigation. Daphne doubts she will be able to hold it until they get back.

Daphne, despite being fairly desperate for a wee now, agrees to drive. Velma's bladder is in agony and she would clearly be unable to concentrate on the road, which could be dangerous for the two investigators. "Jeez Daph, my bladder is rock hard. I'm sooo full" Velma moans to Daphne's pleasure. She gives her own bladder a quick squeeze - "I'm just going to call at Starbucks then i'll have you home". Velma lets out a pained 'ahhh', a wave of desperation hitting her edging her closer to losing hours worth of coffee on her seat.

"Just hurry" she whispers not noticing Daphne's smirk as she doubled over trying desperately to hold on. Daphne swerves into the starbucks drive-thru and orders two large coffees. She hands one to Velma who places it straight into her cup holder. One more sip of coffee could burst the dam if it isn't already past breaking point. Daphne takes a few sips of her coffee, boosted by the caffeine, and carries on driving. 15 minutes away from Velma's apartment. Her own bladder is now aching for a wee but Velma's bladder must feel twice as bad!

Velma has been silent since the girls left Starbucks. She is focusing on controlling her bladder, telling herself that she can hold it until she gets back to her apartment. She is begining to doubt she can. The tsunami of pee is pushing against her wee hole, threatening to burst out at any moment. Velma is a logical thinker but she is in deep trouble now. She can't hold it any longer.

"Daph, i'm gonna piss myself" she admits to her friend, defeated. Knowing her partner's reluctance to admit how much she needs the toilet, Daphne knows it is an emergency. She instantly pulls over on the side of the road. She considers her partner's options in this dire situation. Velma now has two hands on her bladder - the last line of defence against her overwhelming need to pee. She lifts her friend's skirt up as Velma lets out an uncontrollable leak. The fabric on the front of Velma's orange panties instantly darkens. The poor girl barely stops the flow of pee, leaving a large, embarrassing wet spot on the front of her underwear.

"I can't hold it anymore" Velma whimpers, still bursting and beaten by the need to urinate. Daphne runs her fingers along the fresh wetness on her friend's panties, enjoying Velma's inability to hold it in. "This is so embarrassing" Velma remarks, continuing to hold herself frantically. Daphne is so horny - her friend is literally pissing herself in the van next to her and her own bladder is filling rapidly. She would lve nothing more than to touch herself, to masterbate while watching Velma's hopeless situation. She knows Velma shares her fetish but she isn't confident enough to break the professional boundry between them. If she could do it without Velma noticing though...

Back to Velma though, who has sprung another huge leak into her panties. Daphne doesn't know how the girl hasn't completely pissed herself but the glistening wet spot on her panties spread by about an inch. Daphne is getting hornier and hornier at the impending situation. Even so, she doesn't want her friend to wet herself in her seat. Velma, being a true professional, would be mortified if she damaged the van. Daphne has prepared for situations like this but she is not sure what to suggest...

*004*2021-06-23 21:30

Case 1 - Day 1 - Hotel Homicide:

"Hold it the best you can. I'll drive as quick as i can" Daphne announces and manouvers back out onto the road. Daphne's hand still smells of the sweet pee that has saturated her friend's panties. The girl's underwear will go straight into the wash but Velma is still determined not to wet herself and lose her pride in the eyes of her partner. Daphne wouldn't mind Velma pissing herself - i mean, it would be so hot - but her friend is determined not to wet herslef in the Van. Being at least 20 minutes from arriving home herself, Daphne is tempted to pull over again and wet herself, along with Velma, on thee side of the road.

But the desperation of the pale, sexy Velma is too enticing to ignore. Daphne could relly see her friend lose control of her bladder next to her. Thinking about that possibility, Daphne hands her friend a blanket that is always kept in the van. It would prevent Velma from drenching the van seats and probably make her more willing to let the ocean of pee out - "here, just in case". Squeezing the white cotton blanket between her aching thighs, Velma moans "thank you".

Velma now has her legs double-crossed. She is bouncing up and down in her seat. Her seat belt uncharacteristically undone. Unbearable. Frantic, she begs Daphne to hurry up. "I've never had to go this bad after work before" she moans, "I should just piss myself here". Daphne approves of the notion but doesn't reply. She keeps driving and Velma persists with the agonising hold. They can't be far off now. Velma puts her head on the dashboard. Only thinking about how much she needs to pee, she focuses all her attention on not wetting herself. If she was anywhere but in the Mystery Machine, she would surely have just pissed herself by now. But a strong sense of professionalism keeps Velma on the brink. The poor girl lets out another leak, stronger than before. Her panties are now drenched. Some pee has spred out onto the blanket, but only a small spot.

Velma can't hold it anymore though. Her bladder has been at bursting point for too long. she is now letting pee out involuntarily. Just as her steely resolve is about to fail, Daphne shouts "here you are". Somehow Velma stops the explosion that she thought was inevitable a second ago. She clamps both her hands over her pussy. It's soaked but at lest the van is dry. She can't believe she has virtually wet her panties. Typically she would find it hot, and she knows her partner must have enjoyed her agonising show, but Velma is just relieved to be at home. Offering a weak smile and a quick goodbye, she dashes towards her apartment. Wee is leaking out now, snaking its way down her leg and onto her orange socks. She pretty much sprints into her room. There will be a trail of pee to clean up later but that doesn't matter now. She makes it to the toilet, collapsing onto the seat. Velma lets out hours worth of pee into the toilet. She feels ecstatica fter holding urgently for so long.

After watching Velma dash inside, pee traling down her leg, Daphne is more horny than ever. She drives the van away from the apartment to avoid suspicion and sits herself in the back. Daphne pulls down her purple panties and begins to move her finger in a circular motion around her clit. It doesn't take long until the horny detective reaches an orgasm. She lets out a loud moan now that she is alone in the van. Daphne unknowingly lets out a squirt of pee as she is orgasming. She has neglected her bladder for too long and now she is extremely desperate herself. Her panties are still off so the strugging girl jams them between her legs as more pee escapes her bladder and wets the purple material. Daphne considers her options.

She needs to wee too badly to take back control of the van and drive home. She would wet herself in her seat. With not much time to waste, she lets herself out of the back of the van and lets out a strong stream of pee onto the ground. A huge puddle forms below the girl as she keeps peeing and peeing. She must have consumed much more liquid than she realized. Eventually she finishes up and wiped her dripping wet pussy with her panties. They are drenched too but Daphne will be able to get in the shower when she returns home.

She is almost ready to drive off when her phone buzzes. It is her boss, Fred. Fred and Daphne have a close, flirtatious relationship. She was worried about making the first move since Fred was her boss; she didn't want to make things awkward. Luckily, Fred has becoming more and more forthcoming, and they have been out a few times to the cinema, or to a bar. This time, Fred is just asking about the case:

"Hey Daph, learn much from the crime scene today?" - F

"Yeah, Velma got a few prints. Victim was strangled. No sign of forced entry and the killer didn't take anything. Velma think they will have known each other." - D

"Sounds like good progrees. Any lead for tomorrow; think you will be working late?" - D

Daphne's heart starts beating a little faster now FRed has asked if she finsihes late. Daphne has been hoping he would ask her out soon.

"Shouldn't be too late. Got to check out an address the victim gave the hotel. Velma will analyse the clues. You?" - D

"I should be off by 6 ;)" - F

"Great! Do you want to go and see a movie" - D

*005*2021-06-24 18:20

Daphne texts Fred back: "Great, do you want to go watch a movie". The young detective stares at her phone, intently waiting for a reply from her boss. "Sure, we'll get those big Iced Tea drinks you like so much". Daphne feels a surge of excitement at the thought of gluping down her drink at the theatre and being desperate to pee in front of Fred. Being desperate to pee always makes her so horny. She hopes she can have some fun and perhaps even role play with her boss. With that, Daphne closes her eyes and drifts off into a happy slumber.

Case 1 - Day 2 - Hotel Homicide:

Daphne sets off at 7:30am; she pciks up her partner at 8. Neither girl uses the bathroom before setting off. They have a fairly lengthy drive before they reach the address that they have taken from the guestbook at the Cricketers that now sits in their sat-nat. Luckily, they have not stopped at Starbucks this morning so the pair should be comfortable. They are keen to make some progress on the case and if one of them ends up needing a wee on the way, that would be a bonus.

Daphne sets off driving, meaning Velma, the more studious of the two detectives, can review the case. During the journey, Velma hears back from the morgue. She finds that the victim had died from between 10pm - midnight. She was found in the morning by a cleaner after she hadn't made the check-out time. The victim - believed to be called Jess - had indeed been strangles to death. The murder weapon was very likely to have been the torn piece of cloth tht had been found in the room. It was a makeshift weapon, suggesting the murder had not been pre-planned. It was heat of the moment and the torn bedsheet provided the only feasible weapon.

A gun would have been quicker, rope would have been easier, but the killer likely hadn't planned on being a killer that night. The three pieces of DNA that were found at the scene - the skin, the fingerprint, and the hairs - have been logged but no matches have yet been found. The manager, Jeff Stein, is currently their only suspect. But why would he kill a guest in his own hotel?

It seems unlikely to Velma. The manager says he didn't give the impression that he knew the victim but if they found something linking the two, that would certainly open up the investigation.

Daphne is cruising along a long dusty road. She has started to feel the first signs of needing the toilet. She is daydreaming about Fred and whether he would instuct her to hold herself rather than seeking a toilet. She would find that so hot. She is also wondering what they will find at the address given on the guest-book. Is that where Jess lives? It seems a long way from the hotel and the casino where Mr Stein claims she worked. Could it be a friend's address or maybe a family member? All she knows is, she hopes they let her use the toilet. It is a long drive back and she wouldn't want to turn up to the cinema in a desperate state.

Suddenly, Daphne hears a loud BANG. "What was that?" Velma screams from the back of the van. Daphne gradually slows the van to a stop at the side of the road - "I think we've blown a tyre". The girl step out of the van, considering their options. It's a sweltering day and both girls are now really thirsty. "Is that a gas station a bit further on?" Velma observes. Daphne nods, feeling a little more encouraged. "You're right. Maybe someone can help us".

$$

Velma offers to make the short walk to the gas station. They can grab some snacks and some much needed drinks. Velma, however, is alos worried about getting to the address before too late. "If we can ring for a taxi at the gas station, maybe one of us should go on and check out the address. We don't want to get there too late and risk whoever is there not speaking to us". Daphne considers the situation. First and foremost, they do need drinks. But they also need to advance the case. "Okay, get the drinks and if we can't sort the tyre, we'll think about calling a taxi" she replies. Daphne has some other worries: she doesn't want to be out here too long with her bladder filling. She is really thirsty too so she will be filling her bladder up even more.

Velma sets off to the distant gas station. Daphne takes out her mobile phone and begins Googling taxi numbers. There are several firms that could pick one of the girls up while the other waits by the van. She then send a second text to her date, Fred. "Flat tyre. Might be delayed getting to the address, but we're working on it. Should still be on for later. KInda need to pee. Oops." - D.

Fred replies soon after asking if they are okay. They are, but he also asks what their plan of action is. Without Velma, Daphne must offer an answer herself.

