Through the Storm - Page 7

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*154*2018-01-29 03:59

“And finally, we have the rec room and full gym.” The rec room looks like half tasteful jazz or comedy club with rows of theater seats and tables in front of a stage, half arcade bar. With the bar surround by pool, darts, foosball, and air hockey tables as well as a bunch of arcade machines. “You guys must have some seriously fun parties!”

“Oh yeah; by the end of the night happy, drunk, in various states of undress people sprawled everywhere!” Bri can’t tell whether she’s serious or joking. “Wow that’s quite the facility!” Walking out of the bar Bri finds herself on oval track above a gym with just about every kind of equipment imaginable and a full-sized basketball court. Walking down she can see an Olympic sized pool with diving boards through a glass wall. Walking out the air is cool humid and smells like chlorine. Renny notices Bri’s conflicted expression “Should I go for it? I doubt she would mind and it’s not like these people aren’t going to be seeing plenty of my tits and vag. Screw it…” Bri is out her new clothes in less than thirty seconds and takes a running start before diving into the pool with a splash. “Having fun?”

“Yeah I haven’t been swimming in months.”

“So no time like the present.” Renny drops her sweats kicking them off as she pulls her t-shirt off and dives in. Splashing Bri and kicking off desperate water fighter that ends with the two exhausted and floating on their backs.

“Ready to get out?”

“Yeah I’m kinda cold.”

“No worries the sauna should fix that.” They spend a good twenty minutes discussing plans including what courses Bri should take, what her jobs going to look like, etc. Bri can’t help but think that for someone who is in her seventies her new mom looks amazing “I think it’s cool that you and Callie can have such interesting hair colors naturally.” Noting that Renny’s neatly trimmed pubic and arm hair is the same vibrant color as the hair on her head. “Just one of the many awesome things about me! I notice you prefer the clean shave look?”

“Yeah just always felt nice to me although if I could get to be such an interesting color I might consider growing it put every now and then.”

“I can make that happen if you want.”

“Seriously!”

“Seriously” Bri is bouncing up and down on her seat. “Let’s do it!”

“What color do you want?”

“Uh let’s go with a classic and say blue.”

Renny smiles as she places her hand on Bri’s head. “That’s it?”

“See for yourself.” Renny is wearing a smug satisfied grin as Bri stare at her reflections now deep blue hair in a nearby mirror. “Now for the piece de la restance!” Renny briefly places her hand over Bri’s pubic region before pulling it back. Leaving her to watch in open mouthed amazement as she sprouts a luxurious thicket of blue pubic hair in seconds. Getting up to look at herself in the mirror she can see that the same thing has happened to her pits. “Thank you so much. This is so fracking cool!!” She squeals as she pulls Renny in for a sweaty hug.

*156*2018-01-31 01:57

Bri and Renny head for a row of showers against the far wall setting the water to warm but not hot to help them cool down. Both of them had had a couple bottles of water in the sauna. Renny leans back against the wall spreads her legs and lets go. Bri figuring that this is apparently the new normal does the same watching the pale-yellow liquid splashing onto the tile before it runs back down between her legs and into the Drain. After toweling off Bri and Renny go to take her new clothes and put them up in her room. As they are doing so they run into Gwen who can’t help but notice Bri’s new hair style. Turning she glares and says sternly. “Just what exactly did you do to Bri’s hair?” her smile however betrays the lack of actual seriousness. “Isn’t it cool Gwen!? And that’s not even the best part!”

Bri’s drops her shorts giving Gwen a full view her new landscaping. “You two are way too similar for your own good.” Is all she gets out before she breaks down and starts laughing. The rest of the day is spent hanging out. Callie and Liam showing Bri their personal favorites in the arcade. Bri finds herself accidentally referring to Gwen and Renny by their first names but they reassure her that it’s fine and this going to be an adjustment period for everyone. They also tell her that Callie and Liam frequently do this for clarity, using mom when their excited or want to show affection. Bri changes into a new pair of extremely soft cotton shorts that are pale blue and festooned with cartoon donuts plus a mint green cami; before climbing into bed.

*158*2018-01-31 16:17

Bri is walking down the hallway of her highschool she’s just had a fight with the resident mean girl click, what were their names? Doesn’t matter, just the usual shit to the effect of how she’s a freak and should kill herself for the benefit of humanity. But wait why is she in school it’s night? Everything seems fuzzy. Bri can feel her hair stand on end, she doesn’t know how but something is following her. It’s not friendly. She starts running barreling through the doors at the end of the hall… and finds herself crashing through the woods. Somehow, she knows what’s following her, but she can’t name it. She knows it has sharp teeth and she can feel it’s breath on her neck as it’s about to catch her…… Then she is back in bed as she realizes she is screaming and soaked with sweat. “Gahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!” Bri takes a few deep panting breaths to calm herself. “Shit that was intense. Stupid freaky ass dream. Your cool girl it’s just the stress.”

But Bri is still too unsettled to go back to sleep so she wanders the house for a bit before finding herself in the kitchen rummaging through the cupboards for something, she doesn’t know what. Looking at the bar she see’s a bottle labeled “Draco Noblis: An invigorating and restorative blend of high quality whiskey, botanicals, and spices”

“Yeah this a bad idea… but no way in hell I’m getting back to sleep without some pharmacological assistance. And with the week I’ve had I deserve it.”

Bri heads back to her room with the whisky, a twelve pack of local brand cola from the fridge, a bag of ice, a glass, and a bunch of snacks. Then proceeds to spend the next two hours getting properly pissed. At which point the entire twelve pack of soda and half the bottle are gone. Bri is sprawled, face down, spread eagle on the bed. Empty food packages and wrappers scattered everywhere. Meanwhile Gwen has gotten up to use the restroom noting that Bri’s light is on and her door slightly ajar. Cutting through the kitchen she notes the open and disordered cupboards. After taking care of business, she decides to check on Bri. Pushing open the door kicks a can further into the room. Bri wakes with a startled. “Wusss at?!” she looks at Gwen with wide eyed panic.

“Shit I’m sorry! I dind’t m’ mean ta. I ju… it jusst happened. I sorry I drank all tha booze.” Bri’s speech is quite noticeably slurred and tears are beginning to stream from her red eyes. “I’m sorry mommy!” Gwen lets out a sigh that is concern tinged with amusement. “It’s okay dear” she sits down next to Bri and begins rubbing her back. “While this isn’t exactly the best way to handle it, you’ve had quite the week. Am I right?”

“Yeah” Bri sniffles “Nightmares?”

“How did you know?”

“Because I have them to”…….

Gwen takes a pull from the bottle and proceeds to tell Bri the story of how she and Renny met and the process they went through together trying to learn to live with the darkness left inside them by the conflict in Brosnaw. Twenty minutes later both are sobbing when Renny walks in. “Everything okay?”

“Yeah, Bri had a nightmare and decided to handle it by getting shit faced. We got to talking and stuff came up.” Renny nods her head a knowing expression on her face. Gwen turns to Bri “You want to sleep with us tonight, sweetie?”

“Yes please!” Gwen smiles as she helps a very unsteady Bri to her feet. Renny climb in on the left, Bri scoots into middle, and Gwen ends up playing big spoon to Bri’s little. It isn’t long before all of them have drifted off back to sleep.

*160*2018-02-01 02:01

Bri wakes up the next morning to an unpleasant sensation of feeling like rodents have been nesting in her mouth, a foggy haze crowding her brain, and a very strong urge to pee. On the plus side being smushed between Gwen and Renny is wonderfully warm and comfortable. As the fog slowly clears Bri has another realization, one that instantly causes her to snap to full alertness. Both her and the bed are very wet. “Morning Bri.”

“Gwen did I?.....”

“Have an accident. Yes you did dear.” Gwen can feel her tensing up. “I know it’s upsetting to have this happen twice in one week as a newly minted adult, but you have nothing to be ashamed of. The mattress is self-cleaning and has frankly experienced far worse things than a drunken bedwetting.” Looking down at the back of Renny’s sleep shirt she can she a massive wet spot. “But I soaked you guys as well.” Renny chimes in “Can I let you in on a little secret? Whenever we have a really bad flu neither of us can be bothered to get our asses out of bed, so it usually gets soaked in pee. Takes a couple hours to dry.” 

Gwen interjects “Hell since were already covered in piss, I’m not going to bother getting out of bed and enjoy another ten minutes with two of my favorite people.” As Gwen pulls her in tight Bri feels something warm and wet splashing against her backside. She gasps in surprise knowing full well what’s happening. Then Renny hikes up her sleep shirt. Baring her sex and letting out a relieved sigh as a jet of clearsish liquid arcs from it and onto the bed. Bri’s own overtaxed bladder lets go in sympathy and she moans in relief. “That feel good Bri?”

“God yeah feels like I had a swimming pool in there.” The ladies snuggle back up together under the blankets deciding to stay a little while longer in their now very warm bed.

*162*2018-02-01 04:56

As they get up all the girls are completely soaked. It’s especially notable on Gwen’s grey pajamas with the entire left side from ankle to chest being soaked plus her stomach, groin, and thighs. Bri and Renny are covered in pee from the stomach down. Bri staggers and groans. “You okay?” Both Renny and Gwen ask. “Yeah just weirdly light headed” Gwen scoops Bri up into her arms. “Yeep!”

“Sorry Bri, don’t want to risk you taking a tumble.”

“Okay”

“You want bath or shower?”

“Shower.” They head out into the hall where they run into Callie and Liam. Bri turns nuclear hot red. Liams only reaction is “Must have been one hell of a party.”

“Yeah it’s all fun and games till you piss yourself.” Liam nods sagely. Callie meanwhile is bouncing up and down with excitement. “I remember when I was eight and the voice actors for ‘Digi Battle Station Nova’ came to our school and I got super excited and peed myself. There were actually super nice about it and I had a lot of fun. Can I pee myself as well now Mom?” Gwen shakes her head trying hold back laughter and looks at Renny who is wearing a text book shit eating grin. “Go for it kiddo!” is Renny’s answer “But your cleaning up the floor.” Gwen finishes “You are so weird sis.” Callie squees with joy before spreading her legs in a power stance. Looking down excitedly as a wet spot spreads across her green and white striped shorts for a few seconds before a pattering stream hits the hardwood. As it tapers off Callie splashes her bare feet in the puddle and cups her groin. “It’s so freaking warm!”

“Dork.” Callie sticks her tongue out at her brother.

*164*2018-02-01 18:08

Once in the bathroom Gwen turns on the shower before placing Bri under it and stripping off both of their clothes. Taking the shampoo, she begins to scrub Bri’s hair, which has somehow managed to get pee in it, while Renny does the same for Callie. Both girls are blissing out as their hair is rinsed and their moms gently scrub them from head to feet. “Bri would you like me to do some landscaping?”

“You don’t have to Gwen, but I’d like that.” Working with a pair of scissors and a razor Gwen turns Bri’s wild blue bush into a neat triangle pointing to her sex. “Looks good!” Both Renny and Callie are giving her a thumbs up. Bri Stands under the water trying to clear her head from the returning fog as Callie scrubs Renny and Renny scrubs Gwen. While they’re drying off “You still seem not a hundred percent baby, how are you feeling?” Bri’s stomach is starting to do weird unpleasant things. “I don’t I know. I’ve never had a hangover like this before.”

“Oh Fuc...” Bri claps a hand over her mouth and sprints for the toilet area.

She just makes it, collapsing on all fours above the brass trough. With a heaving wrenching gasp, last nights munchies come up in a massive load of sick. Gwen comes over and holds the naked shuddering girl from behind stroking her hair and stomach, as she attempts to heave her insides into the toilet. “That’s it Bri get all that nasty junk out, your doing good baby.” Bri’s eyes begin to water and she let’s out several shuddering distressed gasps. “Shhhh. It’s okay baby it’ll be over soon. That was a magically active liquor that you downed last night. Most people start with one shot every four hours until they know how a new one will affect them. It also helps the body acclimate to avoid side effects like this. Renny can you assence her?”

“Sure I’m not a medic but I have had basic first aid.” Going over to Bri she places a hand on her and opens her third eye. “Her energy nodes are completely scrambled but doesn’t look like anything other than energetic food poisoning. Although if she’s not over it by tomorrow we should take her in to an urgent care clinic.”

After several minutes Bri’s stomach is empty and Gwen gives her a glass of water to rinse out her mouth. “Let’s get you dressed and onto the couch so you can rest and watch some TV.” Renny snaps her fingers and an oversized jersey style t-shirt with the words Capital University Gryphons and the number 42 on it flies into the room and pulls itself onto Bri. “That’s my old Jersey from when I played Thrund Ball at university. It’s kinda of a weird mix of rugby, lacrosse, and a Japanese game show, they’re playing a special match today, so we can watch, and I’ll show you what it’s all about.”

“Okay that sounds fun.” Gwen tucks Bri under a bunch of blankets before leaving and coming back pushing a cart. “Here’s a thing of electrolyte water, I don’t want you getting dehydrated. And be sure to take these.” She say’s handing Bri to pills. “Ones a generic NSAID and the others anti-nausea.” Bri takes a swig of water with the pills. “I also got you something to fill you up without irritating your stomach; vanilla, chocolate or strawberry?”

“Uh chocolate?” Gwen hands a bottle labeled “UltraMilk Nutrion Shake: Chocolate Banana Flavor.” Bri has an “are you kidding me look” on her face but cracks it open and takes a sip to be polite.”

“Dam! This actually really good, way better than these things are back on earth!” Gwen smiles. “It was originally created by Amada pharmaceuticals and marketed to people who couldn’t eat solids or had food allergies/sensitivities. It became so popular with the fitness and on the go crowds that they started marketing it more broadly. Which helped those previously mentioned folks out by making it more widely available and reducing the associated stigma.

The reason this version tastes so good is the real chocolate and pureed banana that’s blended with a synthetic dairy protein that tastes and feels just like milk but without the down sides. It has 750 calories, a third of your daily vitamins/minerals, and a special blend of engineered bacteria and fiber to help you feel full and keep you regular.”

“That’s actually really cool, but did not need to know that last part!”

“Sweetie I’m your mom now and it’s my job to look after you. And that includes your bowels.” Bri groans in embarrassment as Renny clambers onto couch. “Okay nerds let’s watch some Thrund Ball!” Bri spends the rest of the day watching the game with her family as she recovers on the couch. Renny naturally slipping into the role of commentator. Despite the rough start this day is definitely going into the happy memories bin.

*165*2018-02-01 21:03

Hi everyone! (waves) So, I'm going to borrow an idea from lightman and have a little Q&A to get feedback from the readers. Not sure if I'll be able to answer in character, but I will try to answer all questions. So send me a direct message between now and midnight tomorrow if you want to give feedback or ask about anything.

*167*2018-02-03 19:35

Bri spends the rest of the day on the couch watching the interdimensional vid bundle sandwiched between Callie and Liam, who do their best to explain the assorted mindfuckery of alien police procedurals, game shows, and soaps. Lunch is another nutrition shake, dinner is chicken soup and jello before Bri calls it an early night.

The next morning Bri realizes it’s Wednesday and it’s already been over a week since she arrived on Solanus. Gwen explains that they’ll be heading into town friday where the formal adoption and immigration proceedings will be handled. Her grandparents will also be there for the proceedings and are eager to meet her.

After that they’ll all go out to lunch at a traditional gnomish “traveler’s kitchen” that’s a family favorite. Gnomish traveler’s kitchens started as roadside eateries/inns where people away from home could get something to eat and have a friendly face to talk to. Traditionally one of the staff/family members joins you at the table and you cook the food together. After lunch they’ll do a little shopping, then they’ll head home. The rest of the day Bri spends in front of the computer, completely entranced with a whole new multiverse to learn about although she mostly focusses on her new home. She’s apparently going to have duel citizenship. That’s going to take a bit of time to wrap her head around.

*169*2018-02-04 06:12

That night after dinner Bri has her first family bath. It’s actually wonderful once you get over the awkwardness of having your new adoptive sister wash your privates. And once Callie starts on her hair she is in full bliss mode. There’s something primal in terms of the tactile pleasure of having someone groom you. Bri’s mind goes to those Japanese monkeys with the white fur you always see chilling in hot springs as Callie massages the suds into her scalp. She also can’t help giggling when Liam pops an erection while Renny is washing his penis. This gets Bri a stern glare from Liam to which she responds by smiling sweetly. After the actual bathing is over they spend a good forty-five minutes just soaking and swimming around.

After getting out and drying off Bri returns to her room. Standing in front of the mirror she looks at herself in just a towel and flipflops. She is conflicted. With all the excitement Bri hasn’t had a lot of time to take of personal needs. Now that she is fed, warm, and freshly groomed; she finds herself with one other thing she needs to take care of. Bri is feeling randy and that whole group bath did not help. She feels guilty because she really has started to think of them like family. Also, she hasn’t quite gotten to thinking of this place as her house so, there’s that awkwardness of rubbing one out in someone else house. Still she seriously doubts anyone here would mind…

Bri’s hormones when the day, she drops towel and kicks off the flip flops. She spends a couple minutes checking herself put in the mirror and getting back in touch with her body. Bri finds a fantastic way to save time is to combine different forms of personal grooming into a larger selfcare routine. So, in this case mixing foreplay and skincare. Taking a bottle of lotion Bri Starts with her legs working her way slowly up from in between her toes to her thighs, next her arms feeling her skin, squeezing and applying different amounts of pressure. Her back is trickier but she get’s it done taking a moment to feel her cheeks as she works the moisturizer in. Next, she slowly circles her stomach almost tickling herself as she feels the soft skin.

Working her way ever slowly, teasing herself, she can feel her sex getting wet as she slowly begins to brush and circle her nipples. Finally, Bri begins to work the lotion into her already slick pubic area. Gently circling her plump full lips, admiring her gorgeous new hair as she runs her fingers through it. Falling backwards onto the bed Bri is splayed wide open legs hanging off the bed as she begins plunging two fingers into herself. In and out the pace rising with her panting breaths. But it’s not enough Bri wants more. Her fingers slide lower slick with her juices they penetrate her rosebud as her wrist forearm rub her clit and lips. Faster and faster until… A burst of heat, a loud cry, and Bri is gone. At the same time there is a knock on the door and Gwen pokes her head in. Just in time to watch her new daughter finger herself to a screaming orgasm and see the look of ecstasy on her face.

*171*2018-02-04 19:55

“Hi Bri, wanted to know if you wanted anything from the kitchen before I start getting ready for bed.” Bri has a look of horrified mortification on her face. “Oh shit I am so sorry!”

“For what? Masturbating?” Gwen’s face takes on a sympathetic worried expression. Bri looks like she’s about to cry. Gwen walks up and sits down next to her on the bed. “I got the nice new sheets you gave me all dirty and… and I”

“Shhhh” Gwen pulls her into a hug. “Sorry I’m all sweaty and gross.”

“You have nothing to apologize for, like I’ve been saying, I’ve raised two kids a little sweat isn’t going to kill me. I’m guessing that this was frowned on at your old place?”

“More it wasn’t ever discussed and there wasn’t a lot of privacy with my aunt and two cousins living with us.”

“Got it.” Gwen’s face takes on a conspiratorial cast and she whispers in Bri’s ear. “You want to know a secret?”

“Yeah”

“In this house if you need to rub one out just drop your pants and do it, nobody will care.”

“Seriously!?”

“We’ve been extremely restrained this past week in order to ease you into the unique dynamics of our family. Would you like to try it now?”

Really can she do this? Jill herself off on in front of someone whom she’s come to think of as family? Then again there’s something about the idea that pulls her. Some of it is animal, the kink of taboo/exhibitionism. But there’s also something more. Bri decides to go for it. After wiping her hands off with some wet wipes she begins to feel her skin slowly building up the heat as Gwen watches, smiling.

Gradually as the fire builds, her breathing quickens. “That feel good baby?” Bri’s voice quavers “Y’Yeah” Gwen knows that this girl is an emotionally fragile place, she has to handle this carefully, the girl clearly has some family related head baggage. Gwen’s job right now is to let her experience those things she was previously judged and shamed for without those negative feelings. “Do you have a sex drive”

“What? A yeah I guess”

“Then it’s perfectly normally for you to masturbate. A lot asexual people do it even if they experience no attraction to anyone else. Different people need it different amounts but at the end of the day it’s just part of how your body works.” Gwen has started slowly stroking Bri’s hair, ruffling her blue pixie cut. “I’d honestly be more worried if you didn’t. Your mental and sexual health are important to me. So I want you to do something for me.” Bri’s breathings has become labored as she plunges in and out herself.

“What is it?”

“I want you to have a nice big orgasm. I want to know my girl is happy and healthy. Can you do that? Have a nice big cum for mommy?”

“Ghuhh Yeah I’m so close.”

“That’s it baby your doing great.” Gwen pulls her in tight as she feels Bri lock up, letting out a low grown as her thighs clamp down on her hand. Gwen is stroking Bri’s side “That’s my girl! You did a wonderful job and I am so proud of you.”

“Thanks! That felt amazing!” Bri has a wide dreamy smile on her face and it looks like she’s not a hundred percent there. “Your face looks so beautiful when you climax.” Bri flushes “Thanks mom.”

“You look pretty sleepy now, you want me to clean you up and tuck you in?”

“Yes please.” Gwen takes some of the wipes and cleans off Bri’s sticky hands, thighs, and pubic area; before drying her off with the towel. After tucking her under the covers Gwen can see she’s already most of the way out as she plants a kiss on Bri’s forehead. For her part before drifting off, Bri realizes she feels cleaner now then she can remember. It’s as if that fire burned away more than just physical need, but so much shame, guilt and self-judgment as well. In that moment she felt loved, accepted, like she could just…. Be. And with that thought things fade to black……

*173*2018-06-25 04:16

So after a long hiatus I'm returning to this story both nervous and excited. Hope I've still got it.

Ch. 8

Thursday is Entirely uneventful just more TV with the new fam and research, then it’s Friday. The day they go into town to handle the adoption proceedings and she meets the grandparents. Her alarm goes off at six, way too early for her taste. She staggers into the bathroom stripping off her pajamas and doing her business. As she brushes her teeth her stomach is doing summersaults. She knows there’s nothing to be scared of but it’s still a huge deal and she’s nervous. She could really use a chance to rub one out, but she doesn’t have time. Maybe if she does it in the shower?

But she saw Callie getting washed up earlier…. Then again this is Callie the girl who pissed herself so she wouldn’t be left out of the “fun”. Hell, her new sister would probably end up joining her. Mind made up Bri walks into the shower area, lathers up, rinses and jams one of the pulsing detachable shower heads up against her lady bits. She doesn’t even try to be subtle grunting and panting as she basically fucks herself with the plumbing. As she screams through her climax she looks over and yup, Callie has joined her.

As she walks into the kitchen for breakfast Renny greats them “Sorry but breakfast is going to be cold today on account the rush. There’s coffee cake, Danish, cereal, donuts, yogurt, and fresh fruit. Drinks as usual.”

“What your mother means hon is good morning and glad to see you getting a move on.” Callie chimes in. “Sorry mom Bri started masturbating in the shower, which made me horny and then I had to as well.” Liam almost does a spit take with his cereal and Renny is snorting and chuffing as she tries and fails to hold back laughter.

Gwen walks up to a blushing Bri and pull her into a hug “Big day jitters?”

“Yeah”

“It’s going to be fine, just a bit of paperwork. You're going to love your new Grandparents.” Bri smiles

“Thank you…” Gwen smiles back and hands Bri a cup of coffee

“That’s what moms are for.”

*175*2018-07-09 23:21

The rest of breakfast is chaos manifest, all three teenagers leave still stuffing food in their mouths. Liam and Bri looking especially comical with donuts hanging out as they struggle to get their shoes on from their it’s a mad scramble to get into the Subaru that is the second family car. All three youths squeezed into the back with Renny riding shotgun. It takes them about 30 min to get into town, Brindmagarten is surrounded by twelve outlying villages like a clockface, a traditional Gnomish design. Cardend being the closest at 7’oclock. Gwen pointing out the local grocery cooperative and Callie the semi-enclosed row of shops with the arcade at the end.

Brindmagarten itself is gorges. Leafy treelined streets with buildings done in the traditional gnomish style featuring soring peaks and gables with connecting bridges. Although there are quite a few modern glass office buildings. Tramlines split the roads in half. They pull into a gated lot in front of a large imposing limestone building. “Here we are the 22nd Territorial Civil Offices and Court House.” Gwen and Renny take Bri’s hands and lead her up the steps waiting for them are an elderly Gnomish couple. “Mom! Dad! So good to see you!!”

Renny pulls the two into a hug. Bri can see the resemblance in the faces. The man goes up to Bri and pulls her into a hug despite the height difference. “Tagark Finnthighearn and you must be Bri! We heard so much about, you all good of course” He laughs a surprisingly deep tenor. “Hells, I haven’t heard them this excited since Liam was born.”

“Thank you Sir.”

“Please call me gramps or papa Fin. Tagark if it’s too early for that.”

“My God this guy fits grandpa to a T even if I weren’t joining the family I’d probably think of him that way. Sounds good papa Fin.” He smiles back at Bri

“Halvi, dear or….”

“Mama Fin?”

“Well isn’t she a sharp one.”

Zeramar’s bureaucracy is relatively efficient by the standards of such things but it’s still several hours as they wait to meet with their case worker. During this time Bri’s grandparents give her the basics on clan Finnthighearn

. Numbering close to five hundred total people, like most Gnomish clans it’s a quasigovernmental organization that defies conventional classification. It controls among other things a midsized pharmacy chain, a boutique accounting firm and several artificing and enchanting shops. Aside from the pharmacy franchise everyone working for Finnthighearn is in the clan, with the pharmacy franchises being largely independent cooperatives.

Eventually their number is called, and they are ushered into a small office. Bri finds herself in the embarrassing position of sitting on Gwen’s lap. “So Brianna or Bri for short correct?” Bri nods at the large orcish man “I’m Mr. Maruk and I’ll be your case worker today.” His accent sounds vaguely British. Now let’s see you came through a natural portal and as a licensed ascensor I can see the trace energy and verify that no further questions are needed on that. And you Mrs. and Mrs. Daniels- Finnthighearn?” He looks at Gwen and Renny.

“You wish to adopt Bri as your daughter?”

“We do” The two answer in almost perfect unison as they squeeze each other’s hands.

“Normally for someone your age Bri we’d be hesitant to allow an adoption so soon after entering Zerramar because it allows you to jump straight to citizen status.” Bri looks noticeably worried. “However….” He smiles. “The Multiversally Displaced Persons Act of 7557 provides for the quick resettlement and integration of persons involuntarily displaced by acts of others or the Supreme Mover against their own will and volition. You being scooped up by a Gnomish clan actually saves the government a lot of money, both of us paperwork, and you a huge amount of stress. You’re incredibly lucky.

“Then there is the fact that in matters of family law we tend to strongly way each species culture in the decision.” Renny chimes in.

“In Gnomish culture while you are technically an adult at around 18-20 your still considered a ward of your family until about 36-40.”

“Ah so that makes it easier?”

“Correct you would be our ‘Demkenara’

, it’s a term for someone who has lost their family through some disaster and is taken in by a new clan. It’s been recognized by the courts for thousands of years. We tend to find the lost and fold them into our family’s. Something in our bones just won’t let us leave someone abandoned.” She smiles

“Which means I am more than happy to approve the adoption.” Maruk is smiling as all seven people erupt into yelling and hugging. “Now just one final bit of business.” He activates some kind of arcane device and Bri feels a surge of energy. “Let it be known that all statements are now on the record and under binding oath, please raise your right hands or equivalent appendage.” He pauses “Gwen and Renny Daniels-

Finnthighearn, do you take Brianna into your household as culturally customary making her your ‘Demkenara’?”

“We do” In unison hands clenched

“And Brianna do you accept this invitation of your own free will and volition, with all rights and responsibilities inherent?”

“I do.”

“Then by the power invested in me as clerk of his majesties court I do witness and make binding this adoption. Done and ordered in the in the name of the free people of Zerramar and their chosen sovereign Ullrich II, in this the year 7619.” The ‘kachunk’ of a stamp hitting paper punctuates his statement. “Conragtulations to you all and may I be the first to welcome Zerramar’s newest citizen Brianna Daniels- Finnthighearn!”

*177*2018-07-22 15:09

The gnomish traveler’s kitchen is definitely one of the most interesting eateries Bri’s ever dined in. Warm wood and plaster walls mix with rich fabrics, there’s even some kind of birch like tree growing through the middle of the building. The seating is cushioned pits around a low circular table with a griddle in the center and a live band is playing Brasser on stage. Sure enough, one the staff is there cooking with them right at the table. The food is a kaleidoscopic firework. The cream sauce almost seems French, but the spice mix is almost like Indian? And that one root vegetable almost like parsnips but nuttier? There must twenty various kinds of herbs and spices. It’s freaking amazing.

“So mom, about your tattoo I really want to hear the story behind that.”

“We’ll it’s kind of embarrassing, I was honestly hoping that you wouldn’t ask about that while out of the house.” Gwen is visibly blushing

“Ah come one hone it’s short, sweet, and hilarious. Perfect dinner conversation.” Renny is smiling mischievously. “Only you would consider me getting my….” Gwen cuts off abruptly. “Would make perfect ‘dinner conversation.”

“Ah come on mom I love that story.” Callie whines

“Yeah come on mom.” Liam is grinning

“Okay fine, you win.” Gwen has a look of beleaguered amusement on her face. “We had just gotten married and jetted off to the Spice Islands for our honey moon. It was your stereotypical tropical get away. Including the drunken partying and your mother was certainly do her best to get me out of my shell. She even got me onto a clothing optional beach.”

“Most beaches there are clothing optional dear, I’m just really good at getting you out of them.” Gwen shrugs

“By the tenth night of our trip, I was definitely in the spirit of things. We we’re at this dive bar down on the water, drinking with some of the locals, and Renny was being extra flirty that evening. What was it you said again?”

“That your ass was the only thing in this place that looked remotely good. No, delicious and that I wanted to eat it right here on the table. I know. I know. Not the most romantic or articulate statement but in my defense, I had had a shit ton of fruity holiday drinks by that point.”

“And in my naivete, I naturally said I didn’t believe she would.”

“So, I said you want to bet?” Renny is getting quite animated grinning impishly as she recounts the story. “So at that point it was on, although I still didn’t realize she was serious.”

“I set the terms. If she wins ten thousand guilden to the charity of her choice.”

“And if you won?” Bri is leaning forward excitement on her face cheeks a bit flushed from the liberally supplied beer and cider. “She would get a tattoo to commemorate it.”

“Oh my God!” Bri is giggling hysterically at the realization.

“I know right?” Callie is laughing hard and almost snorts out her beer.

“So yes dear, my young gorgeous wife had me bent over the table with my shorts at my hips before I could even react and was making out with my asshole in front of the entire bar.”

“Holy shit!” Bri squeals

“That’s my moms.” Liam says smirking

“I asked her if she had enough and what is you said dear?”

“Fuck no....”

“So I went back to work”

“And I came within thirty seconds.” Everyone including the host is laughing and ribbing each other over the story.

