Draco forgot to piss extended

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2023-11-22 22:07

Draco knew he has a busy day today with lots of classes and homework to do.

So he made sure to empty his bladder before his first lesson.

Draco had 4 lessons today, it was he most busy day of the week as he had some double lessons

It started with charms which was fine and he had no problems.

Next was transfiguration, which was a bit boring as we were just repeating the spell we learnt last week. This was when Draco felt the first small signal for his bladder.

He ignored it, thinking he would just go at lunch which was in a hour.

As lunch approached Draco was getting hungry so thought he would eat then go the toilet before his next lesson.

But during lunch he forgot about it as he was distracted by his friends.

During lunch he absentmindedly consumed 3 glasses of pumpkin juice.

When lunch was over, he and his friends made their way to their next lesson which was history of magic. Is was so boring that to pass the time he sipped water from his water bottle.

Finally, history of magic was over and he made his was to his final and favourite lesson, potions.

Which would be a double lesson, which meant they would be brewing.

As Draco entered the potions classroom’, his bladder sent an urgent signal, saying it needed to be emptied.

Draco realised he had forgotten to go to the toilet all day.

He worriedly bit his lip, knowing he didn’t have the time to rush out before the lesson started.

Draco knew he had to hold it.

Professor Snape burst into the classroom just as Draco was taking his seat.

Draco thought he would be fine to hold it, but halfway through the lesson, Draco felt more liquid reach his bladder. Draco remember all he had to drink and was getting more worried by the minute.

Draco thought, while stirring his potion, I’ve got an hour I can do this.

But boy was he wrong.

Draco’s bladder was filling fast and it was almost full.

And Draco was having to cross his legs discreetly.

Draco looked at the clock and saw there was only 15 minutes left but that is when he had his first leak and he knew it was going to be a struggle to hold it.

Draco quickly grabs himself, to prevent anymore leaks and succeeds.

However, he knew he didn’t have long before he pissed himself completely.

He continued to hold on and best as he could be all that pumpkin juice and water was still trying to push its way into the fit to burst bladder.

Finally Professor Snape said to bottle the potion and clear everything away.

Ok Draco had 5 minutes left of the lesson and so he quickly cleared everything away, loosing a few spurts and he could hold himself.

But he held on as best he could.

Finally the bell went and everyone piled out.

Pansy said ‘you coming draco’

Draco still trying to keep a check on his bladder replied ‘I’ve just got to ask Snape something and I will meet you in the great hall.

Luckily she believed him and filed out with the rest of the students.

Draco was slowly putting everything into his bag.

Waiting for everyone to leave so he would grab himself and quickly make his way to the bathroom.

Because it was time for dinner everyone was rushing to the great hall, so the room was empty quickly, even Professor Snape had left.

Once the room was empty Draco picks up his bag but doing so releases his biggest leak yet, it was now visible on his trousers.

He grabbed himself in a vice like grip to stop anymore leaks and ran out of the room and decided it would be best to go to the dorm bathroom as he was already in the dungeon.

Draco had never needed to piss so bad in his life, he was really thinking he was going to piss himself on the way to the bathroom.

Luckily the hallway was empty and he was quickly able to get to the Slytherin common room but as he was running up the stairs he felt his bladder start to give up.

‘Wait wait wait, don’t piss don’t piss yet, I’m almost there’ muttered Draco.

Draco burst into his dorm room still holding on and ran across the room to the bathroom but as soon as he open the door.

‘No no no no, hold it hold it’ Draco moans out.

But his bladder had enough and could not hold it anymore and starts to release his piss.

Holding as tight as he can he tries to stop the flow but can’t so rips open his trousers and pulls himself out just as his piss picks up speed and he pisses all over the floor.

Not being able to move out of sheer relief and desperation of still holding so much liquid and finals being able to piss.

He is pissing out gallons of liquid as he just couldn’t hold it anymore.

Draco screams in relief and slumps against the door frame and he continues to release his bladder all over the floor just a few feet away from the toilet.

Draco shivers in relief as he bladder slows down to a trickle and he starts to get hard.

As he loved the desperation just not during class where anyone can see him.

Draco moans as he started to stroke his impressive erection.

But suddenly he hears a quiet moan from behind him and see Potter behind him with a massive tent in his pants which he is rubbing and moaning and he will deny it if asked but it made him even harder.

‘Potter’ Draco shouted ‘what are you doing here’

Potter just moved forward still stroking his bulge.

‘What does it look like Malfoy, watching you piss yourself and now I’m going to suck your dick cause that was hot’

Potter was suddenly on his knees in front of Draco and took his length straight into his mouth.

Draco already sensitive from his relief moaned loudly and his hand tangled into Potter’s hair and tugged which made Potter moan and send vibrations down Draco’s dick

Because Draco was so sensitive he knew he wouldn’t last long but wanting the moment to last longer pulled Potter off his dick and made him stand.

He also realised that Potter was squirming and ask ‘Potter what’s wrong why so wriggly’

Potter moaned and grabbed his dick and then Draco heard it a hiss sound which was quickly stop as Potter bent over gripping his dick which amazingly still hard.

‘Need to piss Potter, going onto piss yourself’ moaned Draco with amusement in his voice.

Potter could only moan

When suddenly Draco started to undo Potter’s trouser.

Taken by surprise Potter froze.

‘Draco what are you doing, I can’t hold it, please help me hold it’

So Draco opened Potter’s trousers and gripped his dick and Potter moaned in relief at getting some pressure to help hold his piss.

Potter’s trouser dropped the floor, into Draco’s piss but they didn’t care.

Draco started stroking Potter’s dick enticing another loud moan out of Potter.

Potter leaked again and grabbed himself over Draco’s hand to stop it leaking further.

Moaning Potter ‘Draco I can’t hold it anymore, it’s coming out and I don’t think I can stop it again’

Draco moaned ‘come on Potter you saw me explode all over the floor, now it’s your turn’

Draco was the hardest he had every been, this was better than any fantasy he could come up with.

Draco was on the edge of his orgasm, he was so close and he wasn’t even being touched anymore.

But then Draco whispered ‘go on Harry, piss yourself, let go’ and Draco let go of Harry’s dick and Potter promptly exploded.

Because of Potter’s hard on is went straight forward and landed on Draco’s dick full force which was all Draco needed to be pushed over the edge.

He eyes rolled back and he exploded a different fluid, spurt after spurt came out of Draco as he screamed in pleasure as he experienced the biggest orgasm he had ever had.

Potter also was moaning, in pleasure from being able to release he pent up his, he was aware enough to see the gorgeous display of Draco’s orgasm that he prolong it by aiming his rebellious firehose up and down Draco’s dick.

Both moaning loudly in pleasure.

When Draco came around, Potter was still pissing up a storm so Draco made the most of it and started directing the stream all over himself.

Finally Potter stream came to an end however his erection had not.

So Draco started to stoke him and said ‘I have to piss again, want me to piss on your dick’.

While already aiming his dick at Potter

Potter too sensitive and on edge from pissing and nearing his orgasm could only nod just as Draco relaxed and started pissing straight onto Potter.

Potter had never felt anything like it and moaning loudly as his dick twitched and he slumped against Draco as he was overtook with pleasure and he erupted all over Draco’s stomach.

Draco smirked and said ‘that’s more like it’

Potter just moaned in response completely spent.

