The Wet Season on the Savannah

Author: Lythe

*000*2018-07-31 01:03

AN- Hello! This is a recent furry fic I wrote. I'd love any feedback y'all may have!

When a mysterious Amazon box arrived, Savannah the lioness hadn't the slightest idea how much it would change her day. Kyle, her husband, had brought it into the house, grinning widely, but the hyena was always smiling about one thing or another. His sense of humor had been one of the many reasons Savannah had been drawn to him. He'd set the package down, sliced through the tape with his claws, and gingerly held something small in his paws.

Savannah regarded it with an idle curiosity. “What is that?” She questioned.

Her husband had looked up excitedly. “A spy camera!” He declared proudly, holding what looked like a perfectly ordinary watch. It hadn't been large, or garish. In fact, Savannah had found it quite tasteful, a simple silver ringed digital face with a black leather band. She eyed it skeptically.

Kyle started to fiddle with the buttons. He held it up to her face. “Say hi, Savannah!”

Savannah rolled her eyes, but waved to the alleged camera and said hello. The hyena pressed a few more buttons, then showed his wife the watch again. To the lioness’ surprise, she heard her own voice coming back and saw the video for her half hearted wave. Huh. It really was a camera. “What on earth are you planning to do with that?”

Her husband looked perplexed. Like he hadn't thought that far out, which, to be fair, he hadn't. But the expression quickly became a mischievous grin. “Oh, I have an idea. How does a challenge sound?”

Savannah smirked. Kyle knew she had a weakness for proving herself the best at all sorts of things. She had a distinct feeling this wouldn't be a typical challenge, however. The look in his eye made her think he was gunning for some of his more unusual tastes. Savannah’s husband had a kink that she was willing to indulge from time to time. While it wasn't exactly her cup of tea, she found it fun occasionally, and Kyle always made it worth her while. Those challenges often yielded better rewards for her, and she was dying for a nice massage. “What are the stakes?”

“Tomorrow you’ll go about your normal day, wearing this watch. The only thing I want you to do is not use a toilet.” Kyle stated.

Savannah snorted. “Puh-lease Kyle. I have errands to run tomorrow, I'm not going to try to hold in my piss all day.”

Kyle shook his head no. “No, you can pee as often as you need to. Just no toilets.”

Savannah cocked her head, considering it. No toilet? It was… Unusual, but not terribly disgusting. She was just running errands and they had a private backyard, safe from prying eyes. Sure, that could be done.

“If I win?” The lioness inquired.

“Two full body massages.” Kyle responded. Savannah frowned. Desperately he spoke again. “And I'll do the yard this weekend.”

Savannah was surprised. She typically had to negotiate to get to two. If he offered that right off the bat, he wanted this bad. Not mention getting out of yard work. Silly hyena. “You're on.”

“Great! Midnight to midnight.” He affirmed. Savannah nodded.

Savannah got ready for bed about thirty minutes before midnight. She pissed in the toilet for the last time she'd get to for a full day, so she took her sweet time. Kyle had already zonked out and was snoring loudly, but it didn't phase her. She joined him a short while later, drifting off into a restful sleep.

The lioness had expected a lovely day to sleep in. She hadn't anticipated and early morning phone call. Sleepily, she answered, sounding as awake as she could manage.

“Hey! So Ella just called in for the day and we could really use an extra pair of paws. Can you just work the morning? There is a big party for breakfast.” Savannah heard her coworker say. She nearly groaned, but truthfully she could have used the hours.

“Yeah, I can do it. I need to be out by noon though.” She responded.

“Done! Just get in as soon as you can, okay?” Her coworker chirped.

Savannah gave a vaguely affirmative response before getting up. Gross, it was like six am still. She sighed, got to her paws and started to walk to the bathroom only to be interrupted by her husband’s voice.

“Don't suppose you're planning on pissing in there, are you?” He asked.

Savannah stopped walking, and clenched her legs together. The toilet was in sight, and had started to excite her bladder. She had forgotten their little bet. “Of course not, dear.” She said sweetly, walking over to the double glass doors opening to their backyard. The sun was just rising into the sky, truly a lovely sight as light began to filter in through the trees. She winked at Kyle before turning around, opening the door, and going outside. She padded over to the middle of the yard, feeling the soft grass under her two paws, then turning to face the bedroom. Kyle was watching curiously. The lioness decided to put on a show.

She got down to all fours, something she rarely did, making sure her rump was directly in her husband’s line of sight. Her tail lifted up and to the side as she squatted slightly. Just being in such a position made her want to release, but she wanted to make Kyle wait for it. She gave it a few seconds before her urge became overwhelming, and then let go. Her powerful stream shot into ground, kicking up steam in the cool morning air. She tossed her head to look back over her neck, licking her lips at Kyle. He had stood up attentively and come to the door. She could see him stroking his morning wood against the window.

She finished, stood up, and strutted back inside where she was met with a highly passionate kiss.

“You know I love it when you do that, Savvy.” Kyle growled, wrapping her in her arms from behind her. She felt his cock poking against her butt, precum dribbling out as he gently pressed into her. She rubbed back against him, teasing him until he groaned and began pushing harder, pawing at her body urgently. Savannah pulled away. “I have to get ready for work, love. They called me in for a short shift.” She told him with a smirk. His frustrated whimper almost made her feel bad. “But I promise, we’ll have a great time when I get home.” She murmured, turning to face him. She nuzzled into his chest, fondling his balls for a moment before going off to take a shower.

When Savannah got out, her uniform, a knee length skirt and snug fitted black top, was laid out on the bed with a cup of hot coffee and the spy watch next to it. She got dressed quickly, putting the watch on and starting to sip at the coffee. He'd made it in her to go cup, with a little cream and sugar, just how she liked it. It was considerate and something he did often, though she knew today it was not with altruistic intentions. She'd have about a four hour shift ahead of her at the little cafe she worked in as a waitress. There was no where she'd be able to relieve herself, she realized. She'd better keep that in mind throughout the day.

The sleep in her eyes as she sucked down the rest of her drink didn't help. Savannah chewed the her lip, frustrated. She didn't want to drink too much, but she needed to wake up too. One more cup would probably be fine, she reasoned. She poured another from the pot in the kitchen, gave Kyle a kiss on her way on the door, and hurried to her car.

The restaurant had hardly been open half an hour but was bustling with people when she got in. Charlotte, a deer she worked with, was visibly relieved as Savannah hustled to the back.

“Thank goodness you're here! I'm drowning.” Her hoofed friend said. Savannah nodded, getting set up as fast as she could manage. She gulped down her remaining coffee and got out onto the floor, taking orders and delivering food with a practiced speed and politeness. Guests loved her, and they loved Charlotte too. The duo always killed it when they worked together, having developed almost a sixth sense for what the other one might be needing before it was even said.

The first hour was a hectic rush of playing catch up and never fully getting there. Savannah moved gracefully around, careful to never drop a drink or plate, but the number of people was just overwhelming. She didn't even have time to think, doing her best not to pant to relieve some of the heat from her constant movement. She didn't even remember her bet with Kyle as she gulped down some ice water in the back, chugging it with urgency before dashing off to her next table.

The second hour, an ugly need started to develop. She didn't have a moment to spare to give it the time of day, but Savannah felt an all too familiar pressure building inside her. It wasn't too bad yet though. Surely it wouldn't get too much worse, she reasoned. Besides, there just wasn't time to give to it. She was too focused on her next order, her next greeting, her next drink refill.

When the third hour struck, Savannah knew she was in trouble. The tinkling of water into the glass made her clench her thighs. She didn't show it on the outside, but she was getting awfully full. Like that road trip she'd been on with Kyle where he had bet her she couldn't make it without asking him to stop. He'd been right. She had been about to burst by the time they reached that disgusting truck stop. She had stubbornly pissed behind the building, refusing to use such nasty facilities. But that wasn’t an option today. She couldn't just pee behind the restaurant. There was always someone back there smoking, and besides, what explanation could she possibly give? Determinedly, she held on, internally cursing out every customer who dared to order literally anything to drink.

Noon was fast approaching, and the lunch rush showed no signs of slowing down. Savannah was dying. Three coffees and another healthy glass of water had worked their way through the lioness. She'd had to loosen the apron tied around her waist the had just dug in so viciously. Her bladder was now pronounced as a bulge, visible to anyone who looked at her, but her black work shirt hid it fairly well. She couldn't stand still, shifting from foot to foot even when taking orders, bouncing lightly on her toes when waiting to pick up a tray. Anything she could get away with that wasn't terribly conspicuous. Well, maybe not to most, but Charlotte noticed. The deer gave her friend a concerned look. “Hun, I know we’re busy but you look like you're about to explode, go take a piss.”

Savannah blushed, but nodded. She had no idea what she was going to do, but she skittered off to the bathroom anyway, locking the door behind her. What the hell was the lioness to do? With the door closed, she shoved her paws between her legs, pushing on herself as she danced in place. Coming into the bathroom, so close to a toilet, made her urge positively overwhelming. She HAD to piss and soon. She looked around desperately, but saw nothing that could help her. Until she looked at the ground. That was it, her saving grace. The overflow drain.

Moving carefully, Savannah stood over the drain. How would she do this without getting piss everywhere? She'd just had control the flow, she thought. She squatted down, making sure she was centered over the drain, before gently letting go. It was torture. She ached to just piss away, no thought to trying to hold it back so it could flow down the drain cleanly without getting all over the rest of the floor. Her bladder throbbed, trying to push her urine out faster, but she held it back as a clean stream began tinkling down.

There was no relief at first. Trying to pee while not fully letting go was incredibly difficult. Savannah had to fight her own body every step of the way, but slowly her urgency started to subside. What may have normally been a fairly quick piss was slow, drawn out. She started to get nervous, this was taking too long and she needed to get back to work, but she just couldn't fully cut off her flow. After well over a minute, she finished, sighing with relief. That felt so much better. She washed her paws, and got back to work with a smile. Kyle would enjoy watching that video later.

She got off work a little late, deciding to run a few errands before she'd head home. For a little more fun, she stopped at a 7-11 too. She grabbed one of the almost comically large cups, the double big gulp, and filled it to the brim with a half water half Powerade mixture. Kyle always thought it was a weird drink of choice, but Savannah liked it. She paid out, the walked herself to the car. She buckled in, got out her phone, and took a selfie of her sucking on her straw with the ridiculously sized drink prominently displayed, before sending it off to her husband. He'd have a boner she could cut glass with by the time she got home. She slid her purse into the seat beside her and took a long sip.

As Savannah started the car, her phone dinged. Kyle had responded with a pair of emojis, a face with giant excited eyes and a sweat drop on top, and a heart. She smirked, pulled her camera up, and too a quick video of herself drinking enthusiastically, before sending it off as well. Kyle responded quickly again. A picture of under his work desk, showing a very obvious erection.

Another text came in. “You following the rules? ;)”

“You won't believe what I had to do at work.”

“Oh yeah? You want to tell me?”

“No, you can find out when I get home. But you're going to love it ;)”

She guided her car onto the freeway. Home was a short fifteen minute drive away. Her phone dinged again, but she didn't check it. Hubby was going to have to wait.

Dutifully, Savannah drank her Powerade as she drove home. Kyle worked in IT and could typically leave early if it wasn't a busy day. She had a feeling he'd get home shortly after she did, and she wanted to be ready. Truthfully, she thoroughly enjoyed indulging him. When she did this, he was ravenous for her, an almost feral level of passion and desire that didn't often get awoken in her beloved chubby hyena. She could feel her pussy getting wet with anticipation as she pulled into their driveway. Her belly was now slightly bloated, and her cup was noticeably lighter.

She put away the groceries she had picked up as part of her errands, tidied the kitchen a little, then went to vacuum. About forty minutes had passed and she was feeling a certain pressure start to build below her waist. Once she had finished tidying things up, she undressed. Savannah didn't like to wear clothes in the house. She considered going outside to pee before Kyle arrived, but thought he'd be home soon and she knew he'd love it if she waited. So she waited, making herself comfortable on the couch and flipping on a show on her tv.

It didn't take long for her urge to grow. With how long she'd waited in the morning, the stamina to do something like that again just wasn't there. Savannah began to get a little concerned, but heard the front door click open. The lioness grinned, cast her blanket aside, and spread out on the couch. Her breasts were on full display, and she parted her pussy lips with a paw.

“Savvy? You home?”

“In the living room, babe.” She called out. Kyle quickly came into view. He licked his lips, his eyes loving but almost hungry. He didn't waste any time, crossing the room to his wife. He took the unoccupied cushion on the couch, running his paws up and down Savannah, then leaning in to start licking at her pussy. He took care, long, slow licks, touching the edge of her clit but not focusing on it fully yet. Savannah shivered, Kyle had always been so good with his tongue. The tightness from her bladder only enhanced everything her lover was doing. He kept going, more and more emphasis on her clit, slowly working in his fingers, until the lioness was writhing, on the verge of orgasm, when she pushed his face away.

“K-kyle.” She panted, wanting him to continue but also needing to warn him of what was about to happen. “If you make me cum, I am going to piss.”

Kyle growled hungrily before diving back in. He could smell Savannah’s arousal and taste the droplets that had started to leak out. Nothing was stopping him now.

Savannah was unable to hold back any longer as Kyle licked her just right. Her body tensed, she felt every muscle tighten, and then release as she came hard, her orgasm radiating outward until even the tips of her toes tingled. She roared in pleasure as the walls of her pussy clamped onto Kyle’s fingers, gripping at them as though trying to keep them inside her, pulsating like she wanted them to come in her. Sure enough, piss began to jet out with nothing stopping it. Kyle kept licking for a few moments, but had to pull back as her fluids began to overwhelm him.

Savannah’s orgasm continued until her pee slowed to a trickle. She panted heavily, staring lovingly at her husband. At some point he'd removed his pants. As soon as the lioness had her breath back, she started to stroke her lover’s cock. She moved her pussy close without putting it in, rubbing herself along the outside until the hyena tried to push himself in. Then she pulled back, not quite letting him, but not taking herself fully away either, continuing to tease his throbbing dick with her slick warmth, until he couldn't take it any longer. Kyle growled, holding Savannah down against the couch and shoving himself inside her. She fought back, loving the sensation of being taken, but her was just too strong. He began to thrust hard, and Savannah moaned as she submitted to him.

Kyle kept going in missionary for a time, then pulled out. He grabbed her roughly, pushing her off the couch and onto all fours on the ground, before lining himself behind her and thrusting in again. Still so sensitive from earlier, Savannah felt herself nearing another orgasm. She clenched tightly to Kyle’s dick, feeling it throb inside her. Savannah roared again as Kyle pushed her over the edge. Impossibly, more piss dripped out of her. Kyle, after the morning and the earlier teasing, couldn't hold back any longer. His load poured into his wife, filling her pussy with cum.

They stayed there for a time, before collapsing to the floor in a spent, sweaty heap. Savannah nuzzled into her husband's belly. He had a bit of chub, but she liked it there. It was comfy. “I love you, Kyle.”

“I love you too, Savvy.” Her murmured back, reaching down to stroke her hair.

It had been a good day so far, and with half of that insane drink left, Savvy was pretty sure it was only going to get better.

*003*2018-08-02 04:19

Thanks! I'm so happy y'all enjoyed it!

