An expected incident, an unexpected accident

Author: Linkx

*000*2018-04-26 00:49

I haven't written anything in a while. At least anything that I have completed. Here's something short and a bit different than my normal works. It should be mentioned that this story contains fairly explicit sex. That being said, here's the result of a little bit of inspiration.

She let out a sigh as the front door to her modest house came into view. Already the sun was beginning to dip under the horizon casting lengthy shadows across the sidewalk. What time even was it? Stifling a yawn she checked her watch as she pulled into her driveway. "Seven thirty!" she exclaimed letting her head slump back against the seat. She's let herself get so tied up at the office again. The very office she had begun to earn a bit of a reputation as a real ball buster; but she got things done and that's what mattered.

Stepping out of her German sedan Emelie stretched her arms over her head and grimaced faintly. There had been more traffic than anticipated. The fresh ocean air reinvigorated the exhausted woman. Snatching her purse from the passenger's seat she quickly hurried to the door locking the car behind her with a chirp of the alarm. Her heels clicked noisily with every step complimenting her pin striped suit. The woman's outfit combined with her pitch black hair projected an aura of seriousness; she was not one you wanted to mess with. Rummaging through her purse for her keys she shuffled ever so slightly where she stood. With a triumphant look she plucked the key from her purse and after the familiar thunk of the deadbolt disengaging she was granted access into her abode.

The raven haired business woman tossed her purse onto a small table in the entryway and kicked off her heels. Kneading her toes into the carpet she let her head lull back and shut her eyes enjoying the small things in life. In her girlish excitement to get home she hadn't even noticed the sinister figure waiting deathly silent for her. As soon as she pushed the door shut behind her she felt his cold hand squeezing the back of her neck. "Don't move." a gruff but familiar voice said, forcing her forward a few steps. She let out a squeal of surprise that could have just as easily been conflated with a moan. His command was met with a swift elbow to his ribs earning a groan of pain from her assailant. His grip momentarily loosened around her neck but was quickly replaced with his fingers running through her hair; tightly grabbing a fistful of her ebony locks.

"I said don't move!" he growled at her as she began flailing behind her trying to free herself. He shoved her against the wall which earned a groan of discomfort as she was reminded of her need. "W...wait I'm not ready I need to p..." she tried to protest but he interrupted her with a harsh swat on her shapely bottom. The smack echoed in the entryway and she went quiet quivering with excitement before he smacked her backside again through her slacks. The only sound save for their labored lusty breathing was an almost imperceptible hiss as she briefly dribbled urine into her panties.

Her posture stiffened, her cheeks flushed pink as the pain radiated from a third spank. "O...ok please... please stop." she suddenly blurted out halting another impending smack. In the lull she could feel his painful grip on her hair ease and a cold metal bracelet fasten around her wrist, clicking shut. First one wrist, then the next. Handcuffs! They weren't the flimsy kind either... She swallowed dryly trying to tug her wrists apart finding them bound closely behind her back. Her legs quivered again falling under the allure of his dominance.

"We're going to have a lot of fun." he said, pulling her away. She stumbled, nearly losing her balance. It was difficult to walk when her legs felt like jelly! His hand kept hold of the chain linking her wrists together guiding her from behind towards the bedroom. With a shove he pushed her forward sending the woman tripping over her own feet falling onto the large bed in the center of the room. Emelie managed to push herself up from her side sitting on the edge of the bed. She glared at the man who loomed over her, masking her true feelings. With every step she could feel her thong rubbing against her, damp not just with urine. It was maddening being teased like that and the sensation of a full bladder was only making things worse! Why did she have to work so late today of all days?

She wilted under his harsh gaze, her glare losing some of its muster replaced with hints of submissive lust. His long brown hair, the well defined jaw adorned with just enough stubble to give him a rugged look. "How convenient." he commented grabbing something off the dresser before approaching her tossing the pink collar and leash onto the bed next to her. "But first..." he gripped the collar of her blouse, one side in each hand and ripped it open! Buttons popped and flew everywhere as he laughed when her chest was exposed. With her hands cuffed behind her back she was powerless to hide herself from his lecherous gaze.

Smirking he reached under her opened shirt grabbing her chest squeezing her breasts in his hands. He could see her face contort, biting her lip resisting the urge to moan. She didn't want to give him the satisfaction but she wouldn't be able to resist for long. She always put up such a fight. With the front clasp undone a moment later she was completely exposed to his desires. Catching a glimpse of herself in the mirror she blushed, finding herself wishing she was a little more well endowed.

Her thoughts were interrupted when she felt his hands returning to her chest this time without the material of her bra to shield her. This time she couldn't resist. As he fondled her chest paying extra attention to her pert nipples she moaned pressing herself against his hands grinding her thighs together as he toyed with her. He always did this! Forced her to wait. She stared up at him almost begging with the look on her face. "So needy." he mocked, pinching her nipples between his fingers.

"I knew you wouldn't be able to keep glaring at me." he said grabbing the collar from the bed affixing it to her neck. "Sh...shut up!" she stammered trying to recompose herself before he yanked her to her feet with the leash. The lithe woman stood awkwardly hunched over, her ruined shirt hanging open. Her feet splayed awkwardly apart, her knees pressing together as she barely managed to avoid pissing all over her bedroom floor. "Talk to me like that again and see what happens." he said ominously. The hanging threat in the air was more than enough to regain her obedience. She answered his threat with a meek nod.

The two stood face to face, her the picture of professionalism; before her blouse was torn open anyway. Him, a ruffian wearing a leather jacket and ripped jeans. He pointed to the bed. "On your knees." he commanded, giving her some slack in the leash. She gave a hesitant look at the bed before doing as he said. It wasn't exactly the most graceful act without the use of her hands but she managed. The pose alone was so demeaning. Her ass stuck into the air like a plinth to the monument of depravity, her head pressed against the sheets. She could feel him grabbing her ass through her trousers, his fingers digging into her tender flesh.

Another moan escaped her mouth as he squeezed and kneaded her backside for a few moments before wrapping his hands around her hips to undo her pants. The fabric pooled around her knees exposing her pale curvy bottom. It was his turn to let out a moan, the sight of her bent over, pants around her knees wearing just a thong was enough to weaken the resolve of any man. Fortunately the tiny damp splotch on the crux of her pants legs went unnoticed.

There was a faint pink hue on the cheek where she had been spanked earlier. The pink mingling with the black ink of the sole tattoo she had. Just for good measure he gave her another quick smack! She gasped in surprise breathing in sharply praying that he didn't notice the rivulet of glistening yellow liquid rolling down her inner thigh. It had all happened so quickly and she didn't want to stop it but... it was getting to the point now that she was on the verge of a major accident.

She wriggled and moaned in pain before feeling his probing fingers teasing her slit. "Look at you, you're soaked!" he teased obliviously. She turned her face burying it into the sheets hiding her embarrassment. "Enough teasing! Just... just fuck me already." she whined into the sheets almost inaudible. "What was that I didn't hear you?" he asked, tugging the front of her panties into her nethers grinding the fabric between her lips. She shuddered, squirming, trying anything to enhance the sensation. "I... I said enough ahh-mmmnnn" she started but was interrupted by a noisy moan as he pressed a finger inside and began pleasuring her. "You really are sopping wet.".

The smell of her sex tickled his nose overpowering the faint smell of fresh urine as he continued working with his hand. "I said... enough teasing! F-ooooohhhh" she tried speaking again before he simply inserted another finger moving a bit more vigorously interrupting her with another uncontrollable moan. "Fuck me!" she finally managed to shout between moans, gasps and various other noises she made in the heat of the moment. "Always so impatient." he scolded, tugging the leash back a little choking her ever so slightly with the collar. He removed his hand from between her legs, wiping it on her bedding which earned a frustrated groan from the face down woman, denied her pleasure.

There was a zip, some rustling and then she could feel it; the tip of his cock pressing against her womanhood, her thong pulled casually to the side. He pulled the leash forcing her to back herself onto his length causing a long string of gibberish laced expletives to leave the woman's mouth as she coughed for breath. Holding her there keeping her hilted as deep as possible he savored the moment before letting her fall so she could catch her breath. He began, rocking his hips against her. With his hands wrapped tightly around her hips her face buried in the sheets speckled with drool as she moaned with ecstasy; finally! It was exactly what she wanted, helpless under his control while he railed her. Everything else was forgotten even the aching sensation in her bladder. If anything it strangely heightened the pleasure.

With every long pump she began to dribble at the bottom of his stroke both of them lost in the act of rough passionate sex. It wasn't until she noticed the cold wet sensation coating her inner thighs and the acrid smell of pee that she realized what was happening. "I... ooooh I... I'm mmmm peeing." she stammered, a hint of panic in her voice. It felt wet around her knees, her thighs felt soaking wet and she could smell it! He finally realized what was happening slowing his pace. It was wet, good sex so often was but... extraordinarily wet! Looking down with disbelief he saw the discolored splotch soaking into her and the glittering wetness on her thighs. "You've been pissing on me!" he exclaimed in surprise not having expected his adult girlfriend to piss herself especially during sex. Emelie choked up, tears welling in her eyes. She hadn't expected it to go this far, she thought she could hold it but now she was mortified!

When he finally pulled out with a wet shlick letting her thong snap back into place she lost control in earnest with a moan of relief. The skimpy underwear damped the flow just enough so that a golden arc of urine didn't shoot out across her room. Instead it gushed down her thighs hissing noisily as golden liquid soaked into the pants hung around her knees and the bedding beneath. Emelie let out a sorrowful wail unable to even hold herself to attempt regaining control. All she could do was lay there with her womanhood on display as she emptied her bladder. Ten seconds passed and urine was still running down her thighs, hot and wet. Fifteen seconds and the stream was still casting a wet sheen on her thighs. After twenty seconds it finally began to taper off. The noisy hiss began to fade, spurts and dribbles of urine replacing the heavy cascade that had soaked everything beneath her.

"Now that you're finished pissing yourself." he said, clearing his throat. She was about to open her mouth to speak fully expecting him to leave, disgusted with her. Instead she gasped feeling him enter her again just as aroused as he had been before. "If I'd known you were going to do that I would have made you wear a diaper today." he said with a laugh as he resumed thrusting into his lover. She let out a moan, surprised at the turn of events she was soaked in piss but still he was making love to her. She let out a groan when he teased her about a diaper but she couldn't argue it wasn't warranted.

The two went at it as planned and finally when they’d both collapsed on the drier part of the bed he spoke. “So, are you going to tell me what happened?” he asked, wrapping his arm around her. The restraints were long gone and her clothes tossed aside save for the panties she still wore. “Do I have to?” she asked with a sigh, content with cuddling him. “Yes, you do and after that you have some laundry to do.” he said firmly. She just groaned at him, relenting.

“Fine… I got held up at work again and then traffic… I thought I could hold it.” she said in a voice barely louder than a whisper.

“I’m just glad… you’re not disgusted. I didn’t mean to pee on you… and truthfully the feeling of being so full like that; it was kind of a turn on.” she admitted, glad he couldn’t see how brightly she was blushing. “Of course I’m not disgusted with you. It’s a little… unorthodox but I thought it was cute. Try not to make it a habit unless you want your mattress stained.” he teased her. “I tried to warn you.” She said indignantly with a huff. He just laughed “I know~” he said with a wink, rolling out of bed ushering her to do the same. “Come on, get up. You need to strip your bed and take a shower.” he said, using his dominant voice. She grumbled making some incomprehensible noises before finally getting up, giving him a dirty look. “With that attitude… definitely diapers.” he teased.

