A Day at the Theme Park

Author: LetsBeCandid

*000*2020-05-22 13:31

This is a story that I wrote for wattpad. It randomly disappeared off of there one day, and my tickets to try to find out why never received responses. But I found a backup of it in my google drive and I thought maybe someone on here might enjoy it. I have written some follow ups to this story, maybe I'll post those too, if there's interest.

It was a hot day in summer. I had been volunteering with a local summer camp. One of the events I ran was dodgeball so I always brought a pair of white athletic shorts to change into for that. I remember I was in a hurry at the end of the last session because I was going with my family to this sort of amusement park type thing in our town. I didn’t want to take the time to fully change so instead I decided to just pull my jean shorts over my athletic ones without bothering to take them off. We had a good time at the park and when my parents said there was just time for one more thing my little brother immediately requested that it be the go kart track. We all agreed that that would be acceptable and we got in line for it. I had to pee a little bit while in line but I decided it wasn’t worth leaving to find the bathroom.

When we got to the front of the line we each got in a kart. The hard plastic was so warm it was slightly uncomfortable, but after a moment it cooled to a dull warmth underneath me that reminded me of a freshly peed in diaper. The warmth and the extra bulk around my crotch area from the extra pair of shorts reminded me heavily of wearing a wet diaper. This got me thinking: ‘what if I peed just a little bit?’ Between the heat and the wind generated by the speed of the karts it could easily dry before we stopped if I only did a little bit. The idea of it was immediately arousing and terrifying at the same time. I knew that was quite a risky game, but a little risk made it that much more exciting, and I couldn’t get over the idea of doing it. I knew if I wanted it to dry before we finished I would have to do it soon.

I concentrated hard. After chickening out at the last moment several times, I was finally able to let out a small spurt of pee. I quickly took a hand off the steering wheel and ran it over the front of my crotch, glancing down between turns to check to see if there was a visible spot. Due to the tininess of the spurt and my extra layers none of the spot was at all visible. Suddenly the anxiety that my bladder seemed to have been feeling about letting pee into my pants seemed to vanish and I had to concentrate hard on keeping my bladder from emptying its remaining contents into my panties.

I was now extremely aroused with the knowledge of my success. I quickly jammed a hand down my pants to check the wetness of both my athletic shorts and my panties and found that the shorts were completely dry and there was only a small wet spot on my panties. Surging with confidence and excitement I decided to let a tiny bit more out. I was slightly worried by just how much easier it was to let the urine out the second time. I let out one small spurt, and then another. Now there were drips steadily coming out, almost a trickle. My brain hadn’t given the ok for this, but hadn’t stopped them either and at this point that seemed to be good enough for my bladder.

My panties now felt wet in a way that they hadn’t the first time. I knew this was bad and that I needed to stop the peeing quickly before I would be unable to hide it from my family, but my labido urged my bladder on and a sense of insane recklessness came over me.

I looked down in horrified fascination as a tiny dark spot appeared on my pants. The reasonable side of my brain was now firing in a panic telling me I needed to stop peeing, but I ignored it.

I watched, heart pumping, as slowly the little spot grew darker and spread in all directions along the denim of my shorts. Finally some sense returned to me and I stopped the flow, but it was too late. There was now a large, glistening wet spot larger than my fist on my crotch and I knew that there was no way it would dry before the end of the ride. Now the true realization of what I had done hit me and I felt heat flush across my face. It wasn’t long before the ride operator directed us to bring the karts back into the parking area, and I glumly complied.

My father’s eyes did a slight double take as he helped me out of my gokart. There was a moment of plain shock on his face as his eyes were fixed on the darkened material of my shorts before he muttered “let's get out of here” and quickly hurried the rest of the family away from the ride, clearly not wanting to explain to the operator that his teenage daughter had just wet her pants in one of his karts. We rushed to the exit where my dad quietly asked me if I wanted to go to the bathroom before we left. I nodded, face burning with embarrassment, and walked hurriedly for the bathroom, as if walking fast enough would keep the family from noticing the large wet spot on my shorts.

In the bathroom I grabbed paper towels and toilet paper and tried to clean myself up as best as I could. I debated taking off my underwear and second pair of shorts but didn’t want to carry them. (If I had been thinking more clearly I would have taken them off and left them in the bathroom, but in my embarrassment the thought didn’t even occur to me) The spot was still blazingly obvious, but I realized that I couldn’t do anything more about it in that bathroom so I returned as casually as I could to my family. No one said anything until we were almost to the car, where my little brother said awkwardly “ did you… pee your pants…?” I covered up the spot with my bag. “It was an accident.” I lied.

When we got home my mother pulled me into my room. “Honey, is everything ok?” my mom asked, looking concerned and uncomfortable. “Yea” I mumbled, not bringing it up on the tiny chance that she hadn’t noticed the spot or been told what had happened by my dad and was just checking in. Then she killed that small hope by saying: “Well sometimes this kind of thing happens. Just try to make sure and go when you feel like you need to” I nodded, too mortified to speak.

She left and I quickly shut the door and locked it. Some of the excitement I had felt earlier returned. I walked over to the mirror so I could view the wet spot from all angles. I felt it. It was now mostly dry, only feeling slightly damp to the touch. I slowly peeled the shorts off. The wet spot on my athletic shorts underneath was somewhat bigger and more wet to the touch. The whiteness of the athletic shorts also revealed a slight yellow tinge to the crotch spot that I found very arousing.

After a moment more admiring I pulled the athletic shorts down on top of the jean shorts and spent a few seconds looking at the large dark spot on my panties before pulling those off too. The panties and jean shorts I put in a pile on my floor to be given to my mother to be washed. After a moment trying to decide what to do with the athletic shorts I hid them in my closet. I didn’t really want to have to explain to my mom that I had been wearing two pairs of shorts as I wasn’t really feeling up to mentioning this ever again at that point.

(Please note that this is a work of fiction. Any similarities to real-world people, places or situations is unintentional. The views and opinions expressed in this work are solely those of it's author and do not express the views and opinions of 20th Century Fox or it's subsidiaries. No animals were harmed in the production of this story)

*002*2020-05-23 10:13

{{14 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Pretty good story, wouldn't mind seeing another chapter for it.

}}

Thanks!

