Beginnings and Endings - Page 3

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*051*2018-06-24 01:48

Lily and I get to work around for in the starting with some very ‘special’ cheese, bacon and asparagus puff pastries for apps. Just as we’re getting into the steaks I start to feel it. “Apps kicking in?”

“Perfect actually I feel… good but not fucked. Or you know…” Lily laughs

“Awesome. I was worried I wouldn’t get the dose right with your new super-metabolism. I want you relaxed but not full on grateful dead for tonight.” After dessert a hot fudge sundae Lilly and I split, she helps me out of my spent “special undies” and into a hot bath. “Wow you really know how to treat someone.”

“Wait till I start on the massage.”

“That sounds great but…. How is that going to work with my… you know?”

“I placed a pad and towel on the bed.”

Lily says as she helps me out of the tub and helps me get dried off. “Ah”

“So just lie down and relax. I got this.” Lily works like a pro starting with my ankles and working the oil in slowly. Over the course of hour she works stopping short of my glutes, before working on my arms and back. I hear a faint pattering and look down. Sure enough I’m soaking the towel. I smile back at Lily who has also noticed letting her know that I’m okay. Fuck it even without the pad there’s a good chance I could magically clean the sheets anyway.

Lily stops after working my glutes than my back one more time. I’m confused for a minute. Than I feel a wipe on my vag and I’m being rolled over. Then there’s Lily standing over me wearing a life like midsize strapon. She’s got his cat that ate the canary look as she lubes it up and climbs on top of me. Kissing my breasts than my lips. “Ready?” I nod. Lily smiles sliding the tip in, I gasp. I feel it stretching me wonderfully until it hit what must be my hymen. Lily looks at me with an intensity I almost never see. Then I feel her bury the rest to the hilt stretching and tearing as the last barrier gives way.

Lily pauses giving me time to recover, while also reaching down to my sex. Her hand comes back with red on the finger tips which she presses to my lips before leaning in to kiss me both of us getting a faint taste of metallic copper. I nod and she resumes thrusting, slowly working up to a powerful tempo. I find myself involuntarily grinding and squeezing basically reduced to panting incoherency. “So my girl likes Lily’s dick?”

“Hell yeah Lily”

“Thought so, little slutty bottom girls always like this dyke’s dick.”

“I wouldn’t go that far….” Lily rams my g-spot hard and I squeal.

“Okay shit yeah. Your top bitch Lily!!! FUCK ME!!!!” Yep there I was on my back, legs spread on her shoulders, at her mercy and loving every second.

“Yeah that’s what I thought.” Lily can’t keep the smugness out of her voice she is playing her role to a T. “Little slut wants her pussy fucked.” I’m slamming myself against her meeting her thrusts, whining pleadingly when stops only to groan when grinds the tip in a circular motion against my insides. “Please Lily fuck me!!! I need you to fuck my pussy and fill me!!!”

“You want it here it comes!!!!” Lily is breathing faster harder until as one we crash screaming and twitching. It was honestly how she palmed my clit at the last second to set me off. She collapses on top of me and I fade off before she even has a chance to pull out.

*053*2018-07-07 02:43

Ch. 5

Thanksgiving is generally low key. Lily has large kitchen, given that her apartment is in a converted packing plant, so we have it there. Just Me, her, Samuel and few others that I had gotten back in touch with. Well low key other than me shitting myself while helping with the preparations. Thankfully Lily was on point and took my stunned ass back to the bedroom and got me cleaned up real quick. She was still super gentle about it though and took a few minutes to calm me down, just holding me. She’s good people.

Other than that, we settled into a routine, holidays came and went. That second mission had unlocked something in Lily, a talent for spell work. So, she taught herself and then taught me. I was getting fairly good. We had some routine assisted crossings a few hardcase ghosts busted. Nothing major it was quite and knowing how things go I had set up a bot to crawl news feed and sure enough we started getting reports. First, I thought it was garden variety serial killer shit. Usual people on the street going missing. But I decided to look at the case files to just see if it was something more. Got love that psychic paper, ultimate all access pass. That and most people don’t notice me to begin with, it’s like I give off a vibe that makes their brains temporarily just nope the hell out.

And wouldn’t you know it all the victims from one part of town and all we’re apparently exsanguinated from two small puncture wounds in the neck. I’m flipping through the reports and suddenly there’s Min. “Yeeep!” And yeah I leaked a little.

“I see you’ve confirmed what my other agents have found.”

“Vampires?”

“Apparently.”

“I’m not sure how to respond to that.”

“Find them and take them out. I’m afraid live capture is unlikely if they’re at all experienced.” And that’s how I find myself pouring through stats books trying to pin down their hide out using the kill sites. It’s mind-numbingly difficult but lucky for me vampires like people anywhere are creatures of habit which gives me a pattern and with a quick call to metro p.d. I’ve got the traffic cams. Bingo.

I spot a vamp staking out a dive bar where they like to hangout (sorry for that horrible unintended pun). I tail it and it bolts. I chase it into an alley it starts to super jump….. “Liga et sursum” I tag it with paralysis spell. So, I swagger into the school and toss a creatively duck-taped vampire at Mins feet who seems a little non-pulsed. The vampire is still quite lively and has a noticeably squeaky voice and long scraggly hair. “We are the immortal chosen! Your life shall be our strength!! From the asshes of this world we will build our kingdom and mankind shall be our chattel!!!” I can’t help it and start laughing

“My friend you’re coming off less an immortal prince of darkness and the damned and more…. That one guy at a con nobody wants to hang out with. Seriously dude I’ve done masquerade L.A.R.P.S with people who were more convincing.” Lily walks in.

“I’ve seen thirteen-year-olds at ‘Hot Topic’ that were more threatening.” Even Min seems amused. “So how do we do this? I’m not exactly down for going all Black Site Hilton on this guy.”

“Nothing so crude. For lack of a better term I shall weigh his soul and that should tell us everything.”

“That still kinda sounds like self-incrimination.” Min picks up the vampire by his shirt, eyes glowing as she stares into his. The vampire starts sobbing, like full on screaming and bawling. “Uhhh Min????”

“Over the course of several minutes he will relive his entire life while I watch as well. I see every action. I weigh its value ethically.” After a few minutes the screams stop and min cocks their head.

“Mr. Becker. In the name of the Allhighest I have weighed your soul and found it…. Wanting… You are not completely irredeemable, many of your faults can be laid at the feet of an alcoholic father. However, you still made choices freely that led here including accepting your current… condition, willing, asking for it even. Your corrupted state makes you a continual threat. Your sentence is reincarnation.” Right before my eyes I watch the vampire start to glow and resume screaming. The light becomes blinding, unbearable to look at and the vampire erupts into white hot fire the screams becoming inaudibly high pitched. All that’s left is a pile of ashes.

“Fuck me!”

“I… I…”

“Well that was a bit over top Minariel”

*054*2018-07-07 03:19

So I just had a really interesting Idea for the rest of chapter five but it's going to get political. Like I'm going to be a just wee bit shameless with this one but I don't have a publisher to answer to so fuck it. You've been warned.

Live ordinance incoming in five,

...four,

...three,

...two,

...one.....

//////

////////

//////////

///////

“Lucifer.” Min nods politely at the smiling Abercrombie model hot blond guy standing there. Like seriously dude looks like Chris Evans younger brother who plays basketball.

“Lucifer!! As in!?.....” I think my jaw hit the floor.

“Pleased to meet you, no need to guess my name.” His smile somehow makes it work and is immediately disarming. “You know Min prosecution is normally my job.” Min is about to speak before being cut off. “But I know, I know. Top brass is turning their pet reapers loose to clean house…. Oh, probably shouldn’t have let that slip.” There’s that smile again. Dudes got serious charisma.

“So why has ‘The Morning Star’ chosen to grace us with their presence?”

“I was on my way to Washington and wanted to grab dinner. What can I say I’m a sucker for lobster rolls.” He shrugs with an ‘aw-shucks’ expression.

“But I have a certain important politician to collect. Man loves his fast-food and such a temper, so much hatred. Not exactly conducive to a healthy cardio vascular system. Word from on high is that I’m supposed to handle this one personally. It’s going to be one of those domino things. I take it you’ve heard the rumors?”

“I have.”

“Big things in the works. Keep an eye on Moscow it’ll start with there reaction to what is about to happen….” And with that Lucifer, Star of the Morning, Gods own Prosecutor; vanishes.

*056*2018-07-14 17:27

“Okay so does anyone want to tell me what just happened. Also, I think just peed a little because the literal fucking devil just showed up…. And I kinda’ liked the dude?”

“Yeah what was that?”

“Lucifer is one of the few archangels that regularly gets their hands dirty, other than Uriel. I tend to work on what you might call special operations or intelligence projects. Because of that we work together on a semiregular basis and we’ve built up what you kids might call a “frenemies” type relationship. That was his way of trying to pass on information and warn me, while being as insufferable as possible.

That information is a future problem however. Right now we have a vampire nest to eliminate and they may be holding several people hostage. I’m sending the coordinates to your phones. Get a team together and gear up, your wheels out in fifteen.”

“Which is how we find ourselves outside an abandoned paper mill at 2:32 a.m. sitting in a fake plumbing company truck with our own private S.W.A.T. team. Both Lily and I are also kitted out in full battle rattle. I step out the February air chill and damp with fog as warm spring fronts mix with the last of winter. We stack up on the door, one of the team places a breaching charge. I nod to the squad leader, then everything explodes. First the door, flying wide open as the breaching charge goes off. Then the daylight grenade I toss in. Basically, an alchemically supercharged flashbang it contains among other things white phosphorus, sanctified charcoal, and dragon gizzard stones. It bursts with such intensity that you could actually see it dozen’s of kilometer’s away if it weren’t for the horizon.

The knight squad leader advances first with a cry of “In nomine lucem!! Summa Gloria!!” Laying down suppressive fire as they role to cover. I move next and am greeted by five screaming flaming vampires. One of them makes a jump for me screaming this awful wailing shreak. Without even thinking I fire a pair of disintegration blasts breaking it’s charge as it’s arm comes clean off and it tumbles away. Still shrieking. Lily and the rest of the team advance. The team firing a mix of silver S.A.B.O.T and HEI. Two more vamps jump from the ceiling and Lily knock them back with a blast of kinetic force. One of them crashes clean through a wall and into the office area. Then we here the screams.

Charging into the basement we see they’ve got three poor bastards trussed up and have been carving on them. Like full on horror movie shit. The bloody sigils seem to cause this weird throbbing pulsing in the back of my head. Like if I was still full human I think my eyes would be watering and would probably need to roll a sanity check. There’s six of them and I can’t risk hitting the hostages. So, I draw the angelic blade and close for hand to hand. Two leap at me shrieking like animals. They’re fast but I’ve been hitting the gym hard on top of my superpowers. I place myself between them as they go flying past taking one’s head clean off Wuxia style while grabbing the other one by the face.

It screams as I drop it eyes burned out and face smoking, dead. Lily has the other vamps paralyzed as the team moves through staking and beheading. I turn to what must be the master. Tall gangly dude with long greasy hair, wearing black robes trimmed with ornate red thread in curling patterns. He actually licks blood off the curved knife he’s holding as he turns to face me. I kick the smoldering corpse the rest of the way over as flourish the blade. “Smite Evil Bitch!!!” Inside my head. “Ah hell yes! I can’t believe I actually got a cool one liner! Nailed it!!”

“So, one of the Powers newest champions? Not a mortal either… I’m flattered but how much have your superiors told you about what is coming? That they cannot stop it?”

“I’m guessing some end of days prophecy?”

“A perceptive one.”

“Genre savvy.”

“Have you noticed how unstable this world has been of late? The collapse of the old order? The unrest? The great dying your scientists refer to as a new mass extinction? Your friend’s rediscovery of the old powers? Things are at tipping point. You may stop me but I am but one part, a sign, not the cause.”

“Dude you’ve carving people up and leaving a trail of bodies serial killer style. Do you think I’m just going to let you walk?”

“No…. It is the end for me and for so many things…… Shall we have this final dance?” And with that he leaps up robes flapping and kicks me clean through three sets of shelves.

*057*2018-07-15 00:06

I stagger up to my feet swaying. I can feel my ribs knitting and back together and holy crap I think he cracked one of the trauma plates in my vest. I get my guard up just in time to block his flashing blade and claws. I’m pushed back doing everything I can to block when a suddenly a sharp burning pain and my right hand along with the sword is gone. I’m about to eat a knife when “Interdictum” A wall of force materializes in front of me stopping the blade. “Thanks for the save!! Uro!!” A gout of fire launches from the wand that I’ve drawn with my remaining hand. But is stopped by a wall of shadows that coalesce around the vampire. The other one is regrowing and knitting together surrounded by golden light. But it’s not quite done. The squad opens up but he’s too fat and one goes down throat slashed. Lily rushing to their side to try and stabilize.

I twitch the wand and send a crate flying at the master who just leaps over it. I grab the sword and close in. While five of the team get the hostages and the wounded out. Which is when the rats come hundreds of the little shits. Running for us beady eyes glowing. “Get out of here I’ll hold them off!!” Hundreds of teeth tearing into my skin. Ripping, nawing, I raise the wand point at a gas line. The whole room goes up the last thing I see is the master vampire standing in flames burning. Then it’s a maze of rooms and corridors all burning. Next thing I know I’m jumping out a window on fire like Wiley Fucking Coyote or something. I hit the ground with a dull thud. “Owwwwwwww…..”

Somebody is spraying me with a fire extinguisher and then Lily is holding me in blanket screaming at me to never do something like that again. I of course remind her that I’m already dead. Which causes her to start balling then I’m doing it and I think I’m in shock? Like I’m resistant to pain but still. I was just on fucking fire! Like seriously badass but also Owwww. It’s at that point that I pass out for most of the ride back.

