A Tempting and Torturous Date Night (Desperation & BDSM)

Author: leakyleila

*000*2019-12-23 07:07

Hey fam, So I'm not very active on this forum, but I've begun writing up some of the stories, memories and fantasies that I've had related to desperation and wetting ever since @OmoXenomorph introduced my to this kink and this forum.

Here is a fictionalized account of a few different experiences we had together (plus a liberal dose of stylistic embellishment). This one is definitely still a huge fantasy for me. I also posted it in the Omorashi group on Fetlife if any of you are active there (I tend to check Fet more regularly). I hope you like it! I also would welcome feedback and constructive criticism in regards to the style and content. I'm still trying my hand at this and want to push myself to make really fun content. Enjoy! _leila Every week Tuesdays are reserved for date night. Paulo is a musician and often has gigs over the weekend, so they picked a weeknight day where they can usually spend time together eating yummy foods, making music, and when the mood is right play delicious and rousing pee games.

At 5 pm on this particular Tuesday, Leila came home from school brimming with excitement. Paulo was going to make her dinner and then they were going to have a holding contest. She put her school bag down and skipped over to Paulo’s desk to give him a big kiss. She wiggles her hips and giggles. She’s wearing her favorite jeans for the occasion. She had bought two pairs of these American Apparel high waisted jeans before they shut down years ago. They fit her perfectly, especially after a couple years of wear.

The high waist sat right at the inner curve of her waist, skimming down over her full hips and her cute round ass that is curved like a pear, fullest at the bottom. They are a light wash soft blue color and 100% cotton with no give or stretch. They turn a beautiful shade of blue when she wets herself in them. Paulo loves to take pictures. She stands there wriggling with excitement. Paulo grabs her from behind, cupping her butt and pressing his fingers into the seam of the jeans. She shivers from the pressure. He pulls her into him and buries his head in the curve of her soft round belly. He gives her a kiss at the waistline and looks up at her with tenderness.

She asks, “Should we eat now or order food later? I don’t think I’ll want to cook at midnight or whenever we finish this round.” His face suddenly looks strained as he lets her go and stands up. He puts his hands on her shoulders and says, “Babe, I have some bad news”. Leila tenses up with anticipation, the bad news could only mean one thing. He looks her straight in the eye and says, “Kenny called a last minute rehearsal for the gig on Saturday, I couldn’t say no”. Leila’s excitement crashes down around her. They hadn’t been able to play games in weeks because of both their busy schedules, she had been so looking forward to it.

Her disappointment turns to saltiness. She bristles with frustration. “Why didn’t you tell me sooner? I could have made plans with Lauren.” She flopped down into his desk chair and sulked. Paulo took a deep breath, he was anticipating that she would pout and hated to disappoint her. He put his hands behind his head and took a deep breath. “Babe, I only found out twenty minutes ago”. She swiveled back and forth in silence and then looked up at him to ask when he was leaving. “Right now,” he says grimly. She holds her hands over her face and exhales. The day had been going so well. Paulo leans over and puts his hands on the arm chairs of the desk chair stopping her anxious motion.

He kisses her on the forehead and says, “Look, I know you’re disappointed, but I think I have a way to make it all better”. She looked up at him still pouting, but curious. He takes something out of his pocket and puts it behind his back. “Stand up,” he orders sharply. She jumps to attention. He only takes that tone with her when he slips into his role as a Dominant. Leila and Paulo are both switches, changing roles as Dominant and submissive as the occasion may suit them.

When Paulo has a diaper day, Leila enjoys being his Mistress and caregiver, babying her little. But when Paulo is Dominant, it’s a whole different story. Leila listens attentively. Paulo suddenly slips his fingers into the waistband of her jeans and pulls her to him sharply. Her salty mood dissolves into excitement, what did he have in his hand? He pauses and looks at her with a devilish smile. “When was the last time you used the bathroom?” he demands. She struggles to recall. “Maybe when I got out of class before I drove home, about twenty minutes ago?”

“Good” he grunts, and before she knew it, he had taken a zip tie and fastened it around the button of her jeans. She looks at him with delight, this could only mean one thing.

“May I have your bathroom privileges, Miss Leila?” he asks faux formally. She stifles a smile and responds back equally seriously, “Yes, Master. Of course.” Before Paulo leaves for his rehearsal, he sets her up at his desk. He’ll only be gone for a couple hours, but she doesn’t know that. He has opened up to Kim Cartoon and turned the page to the second season of Steven Universe, his favorite so far. He places three empty pickle jars of water in a row on the desk (about 24 ounces each), along with a light snack (for this would surely be a long night and he liked to make sure his submissive is well-fed and taken care of).

He opens the Photo Booth feature of his MacBook on the other screen and begins recording. He turns to her and says, “You will drink one jar during every episode that you watch. I will check in regularly to see your progress. There will be no cheating, as I will be recording you until I return. You will also be given additional missions as I see fit, do you understand?”

“Yes, Master,” she responds quickly. “You will be required to describe the sensations you are experiencing in detail. I want you to check in before and after every episode and text me as well.”

“Yes, Master”, she responds, stifling a giggle. He gives her a kiss on the forehead. “Let’s review”, he says. “First where are you on the scale?”.

“Probably a one”, she says, “I barely drank any water all day I was so busy”. He looks at her with an eyebrow raised. “So you have not been properly hydrating?” Her eyes widen and her voice gets quiet, “No, Master”.

“Well, then you will have to drink an additional jar”.

“Yes, Master”.

“Now”, he says, “let’s go over one more time the progression of the scale”. The scale is a system from 1-10 that Paulo and Leila had developed to measure her desperation. 1 is feeling no urges at all, completely comfortable with no foreseeable need to go to the bathroom. 2 is the beginnings of an urge, the faint feeling of “I will need to go at some point”. 3 is a more serious feeling of needing to go, that you should finally start looking for a bathroom (which is an important marker for Leila for her urges can spike from a 3 to a 10 in a matter of minutes). Four is when desperation starts to sit in, you might wiggle a little bit in your seat and you know you’ll probably need to pee shortly.

Five is when the desperation starts to get more serious, you might hold yourself briefly and know you’ll need to pee in the next 5-10 minutes. 6 is when you have no choice but to hold yourself while you’re looking for a place to pee. 7 is when you need to have constant firm pressure on your crotch, bending your hips back and forth, pacing, and jumping up and down on your heels to distract yourself from the urge. 8 is when you are practically doubled over with the urge. Holding your hand over your crotch is not enough anymore, you look for edges of chairs and other hard surfaces to do the job. You can barely contain it, small involuntary leaks are common at this stage. 9 is when the pressure building up becomes so unbearable that you pant and heave with the strain of trying to hold it in.

The control you need to squeeze your muscles has put you into an all-consuming trance, but your tightly squeezed muscles are so exhausted that they begin to fail. Involuntary spurts are common at this phase. 10 is just an uncontrollable and total desperation. You are going to wet yourself, it’s inevitable, you have surrendered to your fate. You can barely hold it in and pee has started to seep out of you as you struggle to maintain your control, but you hold on tightly to that edge until you finally, finally, finally release.

After reviewing the scale, Paulo double checks that everything is just so. The cartoons are on the big screen with the snacks and the now four jars of water on the desk. The MacBook is positioned so that the top of Leila’s face is cut off (for privacy) and the camera faces down at her body and into her lap. He has made sure she has a pair of comfy socks to keep her toes warm, a soft throw blanket to wrap around her shoulders and the sound turned on for notifications on her phone. He gives her a good-bye kiss and picks up his violin to leave.

He turns around and looks at her sitting happily at his desk, munching popcorn, and watching her favorite cartoon. "She looks so sweet, she’s such a good girl,” he thinks to himself. “It’s a pity I’m going to treat her very, very terribly tonight... but this should be very fun." Fifteen minutes later at the conclusion of her first episode of Stephen Universe, Leila smiles contentedly at the camera. She picks up her empty pickle jar and brazenly brandishes it in front of the camera. She sends a picture of it to Master for good measure. Speaking into the camera, she says, “I feel very comfortable and happy to be properly hydrating.

It’s now been 45 minutes since I last used the bathroom and I don’t have to go, but my stomach feels full of water. I don’t think I have any urges but I’m very excited. I think I’m a 1.5”. She returns to Stephen Universe and picks up her second glass of water. Halfway through the second episode, she receives a text from Master. He has just arrived at his rehearsal space and wanted to check in on his submissive. He puts a heart next to the picture of the empty jar. “Very good,” he writes, “send me another picture of your progress”. She sends him a picture of a more than half empty jar, she is adequately pacing herself. “I am very pleased to see your progress,” he responds. “Here is your first mission: go put water on for coffee.”

“Coffee!” She exclaims, “it’s after 6, I’ll never sleep!”

“I don’t expect you will” he responds with a devil emoji, “but I won’t be sleeping either. Finish the coffee by the end of the episode.” She giggles and gets up to make a cup of coffee. She adds extra cream to cool it off and a tablespoon of maple syrup to make it go down faster. This was starting to get very interesting. At the end of the second 15 minute episode, she had polished off the last of the jar of water and was finishing the dregs of her coffee. The warmth of the coffee had made her feel cozier on this chilly evening. She looked into the camera and assessed her condition. “I’m definitely starting to feel it. Approaching a 3, but I’m staying really calm, so that’s probably why I’m not feeling it as much.” She sends a picture of her finished jars to Master and gave him the update.

“Only a 3?” he writes back, “Oh no, this will not do. Go make a cup of tea, as well”. She sighs. This was very demanding of her, she just wanted to keep snacking and watching the Crystal Gems like a good little until he came home. Surely the games would begin when he was back! “What kind of tea?” she wrote back. “Dandelion leaf, 2 tablespoons” responded with finality. She shuddered. A cup of coffee and a liter of water, plus an additional pickle jar of that damn tea and another liter of water? This was going to escalate very quickly. She stood up to go into the kitchen running her hands along the front of her jeans, pricking herself on the sharply cut zip tie. She would do anything to please her Master.

At the end of the third episode she was starting to feel it. She rocked back and forth on the chair gently. She had consumed over a liter of water plus a cup of coffee. The diuretic effect of the coffee was starting to set in and she could feel the pressure building. She clamped down on the muscles of her pelvic floor. She could control it without holding herself, albeit with some determination. Maybe a 4 or 4.5. She sends an update to Master while she wiggles a little. She smiles as she looks into the camera, surely Master would use this video for his own purposes.

She doesn’t hear back from him so she starts the next episode and picks up the final jar of water. He was probably in the middle of rehearsal, but she felt unsure of her direction without his guiding hand. What happens at the end of this episode once she’s finished her last jar of water? When was he going to come home? She starts the fourth episode and picks up her final 24 ounce jar of water. It was all starting to really hit her. She tried to concentrate on the episode but was too distracted by her urges.

She started to gently put pressure on her vulva, feeling small waves of relief as she started to hold herself. Then when she saw it was an Uncle Grandpa crossover episode, she burst out laughing. The sharpness of her laughter made her feel the very beginning of a leak. She stood up abruptly and bent over trying to regain control. Master would not be happy about a leak so early on. He had trained her to be much more disciplined than this. She looked at the clock on the computer screen. He’d been gone for over an hour. When was he coming home? What did he want her to do next? She started to walk back and forth gently in front of the desk breathing deeply as she held the last glass of water in her hand and taking small sips. She was an obedient submissive and knew that if she didn’t finish this last glass of water before the end of the episode she would be in trouble. She couldn’t even fudge the truth! It was all going to be right there on video.

She had to finish the last glass of water in the remaining ten minutes, even though her pants were starting to feel tight and uncomfortable as her bladder became more full. She was definitely over a 5 now, but not quite a 6. If she stayed calm she wouldn’t need to hold herself. She breathed deeply and continued to pace back and forth, The movement giving her something to concentrate on. As she was finishing the last swig of water from the fourth 24 ounce jar (on top of the coffee, on top of the jar of dandelion leaf tea), she was starting to panic when her phone rang.

I was her Master, thank God, she answered quickly, “Hello? Where are you? When can I pee? What am I supposed to do next?” Paulo heard the panic in her voice and smiled. He reassured her and said, “Take a deep breath. You’re doing great. I am very happy to see the pictures of your progress. You have been a very good girl. I am much pleased.” She whimpered, “Master, I was so scared, I thought you were going to forget about me and leave me here all alone with my desperation. When are you coming home?” He calmly responded, “We’ve just wrapped up rehearsal. Kenny wants to give me some notes and then I’ll pack up and head home.”

“How long will it take?” she whined. She needed him to be there to help her a guide her! (And to offer a firm and reassuring hand when her own fingers became weak from holding herself.) She began to hold herself in earnest. She was definitely a 6 now and growing stronger, maybe a 6.5. Paulo took a beat to pause before responding, “It shouldn’t be much longer than a half hour”. Leila looked at the clock. It was almost 6:30, she would just have to wait until 7. She could do this; she was strong. “Oh, and Leila...”, Paulo intoned. “Yes?” she responded. “Make another cup of tea.” Leila whimpered, hopping from foot to foot as she put the herbs in the tea bag and the water on to boil. This was a lot of liquid in a short amount of time.

A lot of diuretics too. She steeled herself for the next half hour. She could make it as long as she stayed focused and distracted herself. She put a few ice cubes in the tea to make it easier to drink and went back to the desk. She could only sit down now if she kept an entire hand under her crotch with the pressure of her body weight on it. The jeans that she was wearing were heavy denim with very little give in the fabric, so it took a lot of strength to get the material to bend and put pressure in the right places.

She pressed the seam of her jeans directly onto her vulva and tried to rock back and forth. It barely helped at all so she resolved to stand. She put on a very dry (borderline boring) podcast about post-capitalist economies and began to gently pace. Steven Universe was totally off the table now. She was no longer in happy, cozy little space. This was the beginning of pure submission, she would please her Master at all costs. She walked back and forth taking small sips of the tea.

She hoped that Master would get home before she finished the tea (as he had not given her a timeline of when it needed to be drunk). She tried to turn her mind to the building of worker’s cooperatives as opposed to the incredible feeling of fullness and pressure on her bladder. The jeans were now incredibly tight. She looked at herself in the reflection of the camera. He curvy body and soft belly had never given her body that traditional view of the bulging bladder, but she could feel it. She put gentle pressure around her pelvis and abdomen, feeling and measuring her bladder’s shape. She wasn’t completely at capacity (not like the time that she and Paulo had had a drinking contest with gallon size jars of water.

That had ended badly for her, but the sex was incredible). She knew that the water and tea she had drunk were slowly filtering through her into her bladder. It was now a matter of time. She tried not to watch the clock. 6:37, 6:42, 6:48… it seemed like and entire half hour would go by, but it would only have been 5 minutes. She was very clearly a 7, her hands were tired from holding herself so she kept switching off, alternately pacing, hopping, and rocking her upper body back and forth. He would be home any minute. 6:56, 6:58. She expectantly waited looking at the door. But then 7:00 rolled around and then 7:02 and 7:05, she was dizzy with disbelief. He was never late. Where was her Master? Had something happened to him? She fumbled with her hands trying not to take pressure off her crotch as she picked up her phone. She put the phone on his desk on speaker.

After 5 rings, he picked up. Breathlessly she asked him if he was okay. Where was he? Paulo heard the desperation in her voice feeling his whole body shiver with arousal. He’d been hard for the entire drive home but now it felt like an electric jolt in his body. He paused deliciously and said as nonchalantly as he could, ‘Oh, I stopped for gas. Do you want anything from the store?” He took his phone away from his hear as he heard Leila let out a primal howl. “Nooooooooo!” She moaned. She doubled over in pain as she shouted into the phone. “You said you’d be home at 7! I’ve waited. I’ve been so good. I haven’t had a single lea—“ No sooner had she said the word, when she felt a small dribble of pee come out her.

She pressed her knees tight together and fell into a deep forward bend, pressing her hips back as far as she could without putting pressure on her bladder. She could not speak, so great was her need to concentrate, to clench her muscles to prevent the leak from getting worse. Paulo heard the pause knowing that his little joke had probably sent her over the edge. He was firm when he spoke, “Listen and listen hard. If you have had any leaks, any at all there will be hell to pay. I’m five minutes away. Don’t disappoint me.” Leila heard him hang up the phone and began to whimper and cry. She had done such a good job, she had even gotten halfway through her second cup of dandelion tea. He wasn’t here to see any of it! He hadn’t been here to coach her and guide her, she had had to do it all herself. She bristled with indignity with the sheer injustice of it all.

Stopping for gas? She was sick with fury, but more sick with desperation. She was fully an 8 now. She hopped onto the edge of the couch facing the door, rocking back and forth and relishing the relief and pressure the hard arm of the couch gave her. She would give him a piece of her mind. When he walked through the door, holding his violin and a bag of something she couldn’t make out. She forgot everything and ran to him. Well, ran is not the right word, hobbled bent over and stumbling from side to side as she tried to make her way through the living room. He dropped his things on the couch and came toward her. Leaning down to scoop down under her pelvis, he drove his hand strongly upward to the sweet spot that gave her relief. The spot that only he knew how to touch.

She collapsed into him, her arms around his neck and her face in his hair panting with the combination of her desperation and her gratitude. They stayed there by the door standing like that for a minute or so, until the wave of desperation passed and she regained control. Paulo took out his had and felt the moisture on his fingers. “You leaked,” he said severely. “No, I didn’t, I swear! I didn’t! I stopped it! I stopped it! I stopped it!” A shiver went through them both. “Spread your legs,” he ordered and bent to examine the small patch of cloth underneath her round butt. He gave a sniff. It smelled like pee alright, a salty animal smell. He stood up, concealing a grin. “You leaked, I saw it. I am very disappointed.”

He shoved her roughly past the other couch toward his desk. She looked at him, eyes wide. He took her by the arm and help up the lukewarm jar of dandelion tea. “Drink,” he commanded. “All of it. Now.” She obediently put the jar to her lips holding it with two hands while he held her crotch again. He took a special pleasure in applying the pressure she needed that gave her so much relief, savoring the warm, dewy moisture of the pee that had leaked into her jeans. When she was done he took the jar from her and looked into her apprehensive eyes. “You have been a very, very bad girl,” he intoned. “Do you know what happens to bad girls?” She shook her head, eyes wide, reaching her hand down to hold herself.

He grabbed her wrist holding it up roughly away from her body. “No more holding. You will do as you are told, as I have taught you. You will control it.” She nodded, slipping deeper into sub space. He was here. He was finally here. She would do whatever he asked of her. Entering subspace was all consuming, eclipsing any connection to reality outside of their power exchange. Pleasing him felt transcendent, like it was her divine purpose. Suddenly he flipped her around using his grip on her wrist and pinned her down against the couch with her arm behind her back. He bent her over the couch and paused savoring the sound of her labored breathing as she struggled to regain control. “How does your bladder feel?” he asked. “So full, Master,” she moaned.

“How about now?” he asked as he pushed her upper body further down, putting more pressure on her bladder as it made contact with the back of the couch. She yelped and began to wriggle her hips back and forth. “Stay still,” he ordered and she stopped moving, whimpering and panting interchangeably. He paused again, waiting for the drama of the moment to build. “You have been a very bad girl, Leila. Bad girls get what they deserve.” And as he spat out that final word, Leila felt a hard spank on her bottom. She moaned loudly. He continued to pin her down over the back of the couch as he rained sharp smacks upon her ass, distributing the point of impact all over her beautiful round bum. He lost himself in that moment, in the pure release he felt giving her pain.

For a moment, he lost track of how long he’d been spanking her, but quickly regained control over himself. He began to gently smooth his hand across her bottom, lightly massaging what he was sure would be very pink skin once he got her out of her clothes. She was silent, but breathing deeply, completely surrendered to the pleasure, sinking deeper and deeper into submission. He let go of her arm and she pushed her self up onto her elbows, gasping for breath. He checked in with her quietly to see if she had reached her limit. She shook her head no, she wanted more. He grabbed a handful of her hair and wrenched her upper body back towards him as he gave her a rough smack against the very bottom of her ass where it met her vulva.

She was a 9 now, her control over her pelvic muscles starting to spasm. He gave her another rough punt closer to her vulva and she moaned, bending forward in desperation as she felt pee spurt out of her, warm and fresh. She pressed her knees together trying to control the flow, but it continued to spurt until the denim underneath her bottom was soaked through. She was frantic now, almost delirious with desperation. Moaning and whimpering and whispering "please" interchangeably. Paulo shushed her gently, stooping down to examine the darkening color of her jeans, pressing his face underneath the fullness of her bum, drinking in the smell and the sensation of the dampness. Then he felt another spurt come through, the moisture seeping through the fabric onto his face and he stood up suddenly. Her control over her muscles were failing.

She was approaching a 10. They both knew she would wet herself, it was only a question of how far she could take it and when he would give in. He guided her into the bathroom where she stood incoherently in the shower, begging him, begging him, “Master, please let me pee, please let me go, I’ll do whatever you say, just please let me go. Please please please.” She crumpled against the wall, letting herself sink down onto the ledge of the tub overcome with her desperation. He wrenched her up so that she was standing straight up, but she could barely stand. She shifted from one foot to the other, writhing and wriggling and holding onto him for support as every single muscle in her lower body tensed up trying to contain it.

Another big spurt came, this time seeping down her leg to mid thigh. She yelped and cried out, “PLEASE!” holding out her arms to him to hold her up as she doubled down, bending forward and wiggling her hips. He pushed her back against the wall. “Stay still”, he ordered. It was almost cruel, the way he was pushing her, but he wanted to see how far she would go, how deeply she could submit to him and to her own desperation. Her eyes rolled back into her head, she was silently crying now, whimpering with need between heavy labored gasps. She looked at him with nothing but need in her eyes as waves of spurting shot through her. There was almost no point in keeping her like this, thought the sight of her sent him over the edge. Her pelvic muscles could not hold back the four 24 ounce cups of water, the coffee and the two 24 ounce cups of dandelion tea that came spilling out of her unbidden.

She felt the warmth and the small waves of relief as these spurts burst forth and looked at him with desperate devotion. She would hold onto the bitter end; she would not give in. He grabbed her face and kissed her hard, feeling the salt of her tears and the snot on her lips from her sputtering gasping breath. He pulled away, looked at her and said, “Okay”. She sobbed with relief as waves of pee flowed out of her freely. He held her up with an outstretched arm as he watched the pee soak into her jeans all the way down to her ankles, over her cute fuzzy socks, into pool around the floor of the tub.

When she was done with the first wave, he flipped her around and she reached her arms out to the wall of the shower to steady herself, her head hanging down in exhaustion. He watched the second wave of pee flow gently out around the bottom of her bum and soak through the back of her thighs. He held his hand out, cupping her ass, and let the now-weakened stream flow through his fingers. They stood there for a few minutes while the stream died down, both breathing heavily, until she turned around and looked right into his eyes, lips trembling. He took her face into his hands and kissed her on the forehead.

He looked her in the eyes and said, “You did so good, Leila. You're such a good girl and I’m so proud of you. You’ve made me very happy.” Happy wasn’t even quite the right word. Exhilarated beyond the point of arousal, just pure electrifying aliveness. The power of her submission, the depth of her desperation. He was in awe of her. She was exceptional, truly gifted for someone who didn’t share his kink, but wanted to share his fantasy. He helped her step out of the shower and used his pocket knife to cut open the zip tie that had trapped her in these jeans. He peeled her out of them, the fabric now cold and damp, kissing her skin as he pulled them away from her body.

He took a fresh warm towel and wiped her down, before wrapping her tightly in it and carrying her off to the bed. She would crash for a half hour as her body recovered from subspace and he would hold her as she slept swaddled in blankets, brushing the hair away from her face. When she awoke, there would be time for aftercare: a warm bath, a fizzy drink, gas station fried chicken--really whatever she wanted, he would give to her, as she had given everything she had to him. Then they would cuddle and kiss. Under his gentle caress, she would awaken her body to their shared arousal. Him relishing the memories of her total and awe-inspiring desperation and her the satisfaction of knowing that she had given everything that she had to give and it was so much more than enough.

*002*2019-12-24 19:20

Thank you @acer913

! I'm still pretty new to writing omo content. I'm planning to write up a couple accounts from my desperation days for Wetting Experiences too. Stay tuned!

*005*2019-12-27 05:12

{{On 12/25/2019 at 11:09 AM, Lapiiss said:

Ohhh goodness! This was very well written and extremely hot!

I adore this sort of master / submissive play, with him being so sadistic and her to obedient! Gosh! The part when he got home and inspected her for leaks, the detail of him smelling the pee she'd dribbled... it was so goood~! That, plus the drawn out, extremity of the hold! She had an awful lot in her, and was totally desperate for hours! I love that kind of holding in a good desperation story!

I'm excited to see what you do in the future. Maybe something even more intense and sadistic~?

:3c

}}

Awww, that is actually such amazing feedback. I think the next focus for my writing will be recalling a few truly awesome wetting experiences I've had in the last couple of years (it was always my intent to write them up, but time and circumstances got away from me). one involves a truly epic wetting on the side of a highway with my bare feet stuck in some prickers, completely unable to move! @OmoXenomorph can verify lol

As far as future fiction, I mainly draw my inspiration from real events and then just embellish for style and dramatic pacing. There's a story about being tied to a chair during a hold that I think will be on par with this one

*007*2019-12-27 18:38

{{44 minutes ago, Lapiiss said:

Those sound good! You do whatever you'd like!

I actually just noticed your profile picture of Amethyst, gosh! Excellent choice in cute girl! No problem if this isn't your style but... I can't help but ask everyone who enjoys both desperation and SU if they'd ever consider writing some gem piss desp smut... mmmff~

I mean, Amethyst enjoying piss play is practically canon... Like a fiiishh...

}}

Oooooh, that's a challenge I'd willingly accept. I've never written any fan fic before, so I'd have to familiarize myself with the genre. The desperation I could probably pull off (those jean shorts she wears in her beach outfit look just a little too tight, right? like maybe she'd struggle getting them off? lots of possibilities there), but staying true to her character would be an interesting exercise.

Have you read some existing SU erotica? could you link me?

*009*2019-12-28 20:51

{{23 hours ago, Dtravis said:

Really excellent story! I can also imagine that drinking so much of liquid (almost 5 liters in the span of under 2 hours) would make her look bloated quite a bit not just from full bladder, but also from having so much liquid inside. Bloating is kind of a side fetish for me, so I like that part.

And I am very happy that power exchange was involved, I am into BDSM lifestyle and wish there would be more of it incorporated in omorashi stories (btw gorgeous pics on Fetlife I've seen your story there too!).

}}

Thanks! Yeah the Omorashi group on Fet is kind of hit or miss. I like posting my stories here more.

My favorite part of having her drink that much liquid is that she's in these super tight high waisted jeans with no give or stretch so there's quite a bit of pain there (which I'm into).

As for my pictures, thank you *blushing*. I'm definitely experimenting with putting myself out there. What's your name on Fet?

*012*2019-12-30 07:52

{{14 hours ago, Silvermelody said:

Bro, not gunna lie, this was the best fic ive read in a while. Definitely saving for reference

}}

Thanks! that is so flattering! do you write yourself?

