Unable to locate a toilet

Author: Loveofwet

*000*2020-07-24 17:04

I needed to piss and I needed to piss bad. It was 4:30 in the afternoon. And there was still a few people around the office.

I had to piss so bad my hand was already on my dick trying to hold back the flow. Luckily I hadn’t leak any, but I knew it was only a matter of time.

I knew the bathrooms were not on this floor but there was no way I would make it down to the ground floor anyway, because the lift was out of order and I was on the 5 floor. It would just be too many stairs.

I decided to make my way out of my office in search of so,hearer to pee.

One of my co workers saw me and walked over to say hello, so I quickly let go of my dick and prayed that it would obey and not release any piss.

I couldn’t stand still I was telling side to side while talking to my co worker. The good thing was, is I don’t normally stand still anyway so my co worker didn’t bat an eyelid to my movement.

She said he goodbye as she was leaving for the day but reminded me that there was a meeting starting in 15 minutes, so there would still be people around the office.

When she was out of sight I sight my dick spurt a small bit of piss into my pants and I quickly grabbed it to stop any more coming out.

I thought I’m going to piss myself it I don’t find somewhere to go soon.

I frantically looked around the room I was in, there was nothing I could piss in.

I left that room into the corridor, I saw a potted plant at the end of the corridor and thought, this is going to have to do.

I leaked again and thought my relief is so close and started to unzip my trousers, just as I was about to pull out my dick I heard voices coming down the other end of the corridor and knew if I started pissing they would see me when the rounded the corner.

I quickly grabbed my dick, trousers still open, and darted into a near by office. The office was set up for a meeting. I all the offices to go and hide in, I choose the only one that is set up for a meeting.

Hand still rapped around my dick and quickly shuffle my way over to the other door and exited the room just in time, as the other men entered the office to start their meeting.

With my hand still on my dick and trousers still open, it gave my bladder a bit of room of expand. But the cool air hitting my dick sent pleasure waves and I was starting to get piss hard, but another spurt escaped, this time in landed on the carpet.

I was thinking about just saying fuck it and pissing all over the floor but I had to find somewhere to piss that would be an easy clean up and preferably it in my pants.

I quickly squeezed my dick and did my button my trousers back up so that wouldn’t fall down and any little leaks would be soaked my my pants and trousers and not on the floor.

I ducked into another office and saw another potting plant and thought, I just want to piss. I quickly made my way over to it and just as I was about to undo my trousers again I heard Mike, I looked around the room and saw that it was his office and knew I had to get out of here quickly.

Grabbing my dick in a vice like grip I exited Mike’s office.

I leaked again this time it was longer down to my knee before I could stop it. It was painful to stop but I knew I needed to find somewhere quick as I knew I woebegone able to stop it if i started pissing again.

I took another few steps and saw a room I hadn’t seen before so I quickly open it and saw that it was a room filled with everything that was need to fix the lift.

I scanned the room for anything that I would piss it but it was too late I was already pissing a small leak and I knew I couldn’t stop it this time.

So I ripped open my trousers, tearing off the button in a haste to get my dick out of my pants before I got my pants even more wet.

I then promptly exploded all over the room. If someone walked it there was no way I would be able to stop the flow it was just too much and the relief was just what I needed.

Piss just kept flowing and flowing, I tried to aim my dick in one area so I could come back and clean but all I could think about was the relief that was flowing through me.

I tried to bite back a groan remembering that there were still people in the office. But it just felt too good, to be finally able to get go of all that piss.

Finally the flow subsided down to a small trickle, I looked around at the mess I created and couldn’t believe that all that piss was inside me.

Luckily I knew where the janitor kept his mops and bucket. So I cleaned up still thinking about he relief I felt from pissing.

While I was thinking about it, I started to get hard in my pants and could feel the wetness against my dick and the friction of moving while moving the floor was very intense, I had to stop a few times to get my breathing under control because I didn’t want to cum in my pants.

I was almost done moping when a wave of please racked my body as my dick brushed against my pants, that I had to grip my dick but that was it to pressure was just what I needed to be pushed over the edge into my orgasm.

Then I was cumming in my pants and cumming a lot. The pleasure overtook me and I sank to my knees as my orgasm racked through me, groaning out loud as the intense orgasm washed over me and left me panting on the floor. luckily I had finished cleaning otherwise it would have been kneeling into a pile of my piss.

When I was over I knew I had to get out of the office and home quickly before anyone saw what I had done to my pants, cause looking down it was very obvious.

