Riding out a Blizzard in Diapers - Page 4

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*075*2017-12-24 02:31

Couldn't resist giving you all a little tease for your Christmas (or Hanuka, Kwanzaa, festivus, Yule, etc.) present this year. Guess I'm on the naughty list.... ;)

*077*2017-12-25 20:39

Happy Holiday's Everyone you get an extra present this year. ;)

Riley works the strapon in slowly backing in and out several times as she mercilessly teases Alex the ridges creating all kinds of interesting sensations inside her. Riley meanwhile is enjoying the clitoral stimulator rubbing against her and the look of bliss on Alex's face before leaning in to suck on her nipples and plant little kisses on her chest, tasting the sweat at the base of her neck. Over the course of several minutes she continues to pick up the pace, Alex is spaced out eyes closed as she enjoys the sensations. Riley sensing her moment reaches into the bag and pulls out a small egg-shaped device and gives it a coat of lube as she continues thrusting away. She then takes the device and in one practice motion shoves it right up Alex’s back passage causing her to let out a startled yelp.

“Shit Riley! What did you put up my but?” Riley’s only response is a wicked grin and to hold up a remote. Alex’s eyes go wide “Oh you naughty bitttttttttttttttttccc!!!!!!!!!” Alex’s exclamation turn to a scream of pure pleasure as the vibe engages right as Riley’s thrusting girl cock hit’s her G-spot. This in turn causes her to squirt a fountain of cum. She soaks both her and Riley’s pelvic areas plus the pad. Her wild thrusting even causes a few to hit Riley in the chest and face. Leaving both girls momentarily stunned and covered in each other’s juices…..

After bringing Alex to climax she wasn’t quite there herself, but Riley had a wonderful wicked idea. As Alex looks on with curiosity she takes the dildo off the harness and thrusts it into herself vigorously before then taking it out and inserting back into Alex who moans appreciatively before taking it out again. Then with a cat that ate the canary expression she begins suck on the purple dildo like it’s world’s most delicious candy, tasting her and her loves combined juices. But this is not enough to sate her hunger. Dropping the dildo she begins to lap at Alex thighs and groin After only thirty seconds an amazed Alex watches Riley flop back onto the mattress.

Her head rolls back as her eyes close, her hips involuntarily thrust, and she lets a low guttural moan as sizable orgasm over takes her for a full minute. Coming to her senses she looks down at Alex beaming who responds with the first quip she can think of “Dam, I’ll have what she’s having!” This causes both to bust out laughing as they snuggle up in each other’s arms as they come down from their respective orgasms. Alex playfully licks her own juices off of Riley’s chest and face. Eventually the laughter and small talk die as the girls drift off into a deep sleep.

*079*2017-12-26 20:06

Around 2-3 a.m. Riley wakes up, works her way out of the harness and spends a couple minutes contentedly watching Alex sleep. She needs to pee but doesn’t want to leave her nice warm bed, so past any point of shame or embarrassment Riley lies back spread her legs wide and let’s out a satisfied sigh as she wets the bed. Feeling her warm piss pool around her thighs and but; before snuggling up to Alex and drifting back to sleep.

*082*2017-12-29 02:13

Friday

8:47 a.m.

Alex woke up that morning feeling like there was something odd; she groggily rubs her eyes trying to remember. The first thing she is aware of is Riley’s presence, spooned comfortably behind. That is familiar, normal, comforting, and belongs there. There’s no blanket which is odd but that’s not it. She remembers that she’s in her uncle’s store but that’s not it. Then she realizes the bed seems oddly wet. Alex doesn’t remember peeing last night and slowly turns over… and is greeted by a groggy and sheepish looking Riley. “Did you wet the bed last night you dirty little girl?”

“Guilty” Riley says with an embarrassed expression. “Well lucky for you I like dirty girls.” Alex says in her best camp sultry voice. Riley adopting a similar tone and a look that can only be described as hungry “Well then your going to love this…..” and with that she quickly pins Alex’s arms above her head and begins to grind against her groin, planting kisses on her chest and sucking on her nipples “Mmmmmm, that feels good, wait what are you…. Ohhhhhhh” Alex let’s out a moan of surprise and pleasure as Riley has her morning piss right on top of her causing Alex’s bladder to let go in sympathy. “Oh, hell yeah that’s my dirty girl, piss on my cunt! It feels so good when your hot piss hits my lips and my little clit! Ughnnnn!” The girls begin to make out panting heavily as they both hit their orgasms. The girls lay spent continuing to piss freely, after they’d recovered and finished emptying their bladders Riley looking smug “Looks I’m not the only dirty little girl here.”

“Guilty!” Alex proudly sings out before the girls break out into laughter.

“So now that were covered in each other’s pee I figure a shower sounds amazing.”

“That does sound great Ali, but I normally take a dump at some point in the morning and I’m several days overdue; I’m goanna hold off on the shower until after I shit my diaper.” This is said with the same matter of fact conversational tone that most people would use to discuss the weather. “Okay I’ll wait as well.”

The girls clean up as best they can with the wet wipes before taping on their special panties. Alex is wearing one of the molicares, Riley one of the ultra-capacity medical ones. The girls then put on jersey style sleep shirts, the kind with a white lower half and colored shoulders/sleeves, in matching gold and blue respectively, with the U of M logo on the front. You could just see the bottom of their diapers poking out underneath. The girls then go to make breakfast talking more about their upcoming project as the hungrily devour breakfast. The girls are sitting next to each and there are several moments of companionable silence before the inevitable happens. “Well I gotta make some room…”

“Please don’t let me stop you” Alex say as she pulls Riley into her lap, she slides her hand up Riley’s shirt and begins to gently but firmly massage her stomach.

Riley spreads her legs and lets out a loud trumpeting fart “That feel good babe?”

“Yeah, Unghhh, Uhh!” and at the point Riley begins to loudly and openly empty her bowels into her briefs. Feeling a large soft warm log slip past her sphincter and into the diaper as she let’s go. Followed by another one and then several smaller ones. “Gughhh, Ohhh fuck that feels good!” This continues for a good twenty minutes punctuated by a series grunts, moans, and loud wet farts; before finishing. Riley can feel her warm mess smushing up against her but and thighs. As sits back taking a minute to breathe after having to exert herself a bit. “You know I never thought about it, but I was lucky to have parents who never made a big deal about body stuff. I think a lot of it had to do with the fact that my mom’s a pediatrician and she was always very matter of fact but friendly, like a more health class focused version of Bill Nye, when it came to explaining stuff to me.”

“Yeah Uncle Lewis and Aunt Mara are both great but while they were no were near prudes, I think they were just to socially awkward to be able to explain body stuff to a kid.”

“I remember how we each got our periods within a day of each-other and your folks decided to punt on ‘the talk’ and let my mom do it for you; I had already been getting age appropriate minnie talks for years and was surprised at some of the stuff you didn’t know.”

“Yeah well, it’s great that I can now be that open with you Riley, God I never realized how liberating it can be just to let out a fart without worrying about people thinking I’m disgusting or just in general judging.” Alex punctuates this statement by letting a loud wet fart, that is soon followed by the sound of both girls laughing.

*086*2018-01-05 04:04

Hey everyone sorry for the delay but I got wrapped up in another writing project. It's called Through the Storm if you want to check it out.

“Well time to get cleaned up?”

“Yeah, you don’t mind wiping me off?”

“Of course not silly. I actually like how close changing each other’s wet and messy diapers makes us.”

“Same Rilly says grinning.” They head back to the breakroom and Riley lies down. Alex rips open the tapes the smell is strong but surprisingly doesn’t bother her that much. Riley has made a big mess and it pretty much covers her but and perineum. Before Alex can get work “Hold on I’m not quite finished!” Riley flips over so that she’s on hands and knees. Facing away from Alex she lets out a rumbling fart before a medium sized log begins to push its way out. “Sorry about…”

“Don’t be I’ve never actually gotten to see someone like this before. It’s actually really cool to see the way your anus contracts and pushes around it.” The poop drops into the open diaper.

“All done?”

“Yep” Alex gets to work with the wet wipes. “Thank you for letting me see that Riley.”

“Your welcome?”

“But I think I get it.”

“It was super intimate you know?”

“Yeah I get what your saying Ali.”

“It was I like I getting to see you perform an act that we almost never see up close. I mean we all do it but never think about or pay much attention.”

“I can’t believe I’m going to suggest this but any time you want to watch me do my business up close Ali your welcome to do so.”

“Thanks Riley and same for you. You want to make a day specifically for that?”

“Yeah it’s a date!” She say grinning as Alex finishes her cleanup job. “Shower time?”

“Shower time.”

*088*2018-01-07 17:54

With much of the earlier sexual tension released this shower is much more relaxed, the girls take their time scrubbing each other’s hair and just enjoying having another person touch them. Deciding to kickoff the weekend early the girls enjoy small talk and discussing holiday plans while painting their nails. Riley does a union jack design and Alex goes for jet black. After that Riley powders Alex and tapes her into a fresh diaper, before helping her into her sleep shirt. “Ready for a fresh one, Riley?”

“Actually, before you do that, can you get the dilator kit?”

“I want anal tonight and I want it rough.”

“Sure, thing Riley. One stretched but hole coming up!” Riley playfully swats Alex’s thigh as she gets up. “Goofus!” Alex sticks her tongue out at Riley.

Rummaging through the bag she pulls out a medium sized plug and grabs a thing of special toy safe silicon lube. Grinning mischievously, she walks over to Riley, who has positioned herself on the mattress, on hands and knees. She wiggles her upturned but at Alex. Pouring a generous amount into her hand she slowly smears it along the inside of Riley’s crevice, gently teasing her rose bud. First, she slowly inserts her middle finger and begins to slowly move it and out. Riley begins to make low grunts and moans.

Then she inserts her index finger. Finally, all but her pinky and thumb are hard at work massaging the inside of Riley’s rectum. Riley’s sounds of pleasure are quite loud and lewd at this point. After a few minutes Alex withdraws her hand, resulting in a disappointed huff from Riley. Alex then takes the plug and slide it home getting a contented “Mmmmm” from Riley. After washing her hands and wiping up the excess lube, she powders Riley and pushes her legs almost back against her shoulders. This is so she can admire Riley’s freshly plugged rear end as she tapes her into a fresh pair of special panties. Before helping her into her sleep shirt. The girls, now dressed, look at each other smiling, both knowing what’s going to happen tonight.

After that the day is surprisingly uneventful. Alex and Riley continue their gaming binge and further discuss holiday plans. Although those holiday plans happen to include diapers. “So Ali, you want to wear a pair complete with plastic pants to Christmas Eve dinner?”

“Yeah I doubt any of our folks would care and it also would be nice not to have to get up every half hour to pee. My uncle is never stingy with the bar and I always drink a lot of water, so I stay hydrated and don’t get a hangover. Plus, the thought of some extra padding showing under you’re tight fitting little black dress is very intriguing. That and, I always end up having to make room before desert.” Riley’s eyes widen. “Oh my God!” The girls breakout into hysterical laughter. “Okay, Okay. It’s a deal this holiday we’re diapered. Now I just have to figure out how to tell my parents…”

Other than that, nothing about the day is remarkable other than the large assortment of plugs that go into Riley’s back passage with each diaper change. The last one is roughly the size and shape of a beer can. After dinner Riley goes to clean up before returning to see Alex wearing a rather intimidating strapon. The largest in their collection of dildos, this impressive specimen is 9” long and quite thick. It is made from a scan of a famed German gay adult film star. Known both for his activism in the LBGTQ community and his involvement in the Berlin kink scene. Riley gets on her hands and knees as Alex makes final preparations. “So how rough do you want it tonight?”

“No bondage but definitely dirty talk, hairpulling and spanking.”

“Okay then let’s do final checks then. You know the safe word?”

“Squirrel!”

“Check.”

“If you can’t vocalize?”

“Tap the mat three times to tag out.”

“Check.” In unison “What happens hear doesn’t necessarily reflect who we are as people, were here to explore each other and our limits, what’s said in the moment doesn’t reflect the whole story that’s why we unpack after.”

“Check” Alex only “And finally?” In unison “I love you!”

*090*2018-01-08 02:52

So before we get into this I feel like I need to add a bit of an advisory statement. I haven't been typically interested in BDSM but lately I've been kinda curious and have decided to explore that in my writing. The next few paragraphs will contain humiliation, degradation, and sex deliberately designed to be rough and painful. This could be potentially triggering to some readers. Alex and Riley are consenting adults, experienced partners, who have been doing this for years and have a system. Trying this on you're own with out doing the proper research and build up could result in physical or mental injury. I'm not your parents but I felt like this needed to be said. Stay informed and keep it consensual.

And with that out of the way on with the show.

*092*2018-01-08 03:56

And as if a switch had been flipped Alex’s demeanor becomes cold, almost clinical as she begins to slowly probe Riley’s sphincter with her fingers. Except there’s a tinge of hunger. Taking a large plastic syringe, she fills it with lube before inserting it into Riley and fills her entire rectum. There is a thirty second pause. In one powerful stroke Alex shoves the entire 9” into Riley’s anus causing her to cry out in a mixture of pain pleasure, and surprise. Alex pulls out except for the tip “You like that slut?”

“Oh! shit yeah, I want I all the way in. I want you to use my ass!” Alex shoves it back in hard causing Riley to yelp. Then things start in earnest. Alex gives Riley a stinging slap on the but as she begins to piston out like a jackhammer. Riley begins to grunt and pant, mixing with the sound of Alex’s pelvic region slapping her but.

Sweat pours off them as Alex reaches around to twist/pinch her nipples and clit. “Gahh, oh fuuuu….” Riley has a small climax. “You like that huh? You like it when I sodomize you with my girl cock?”

“YES!”

“Yes what?”

“Yes, I’m a dirty slut who needs my ass sodomized!”

“Oh, don’t worry I’m going to do that and more.” Alex delivers several hard slaps to Riley’s rear end, leaving a red hand-print. “Oh God, Alex fuck more!”

“You want more?” Alex’s face twists into a wicked smile as she grabs Riley’s braid pulling on it. It’s at this point they drop the dom/sub act. For them that’s just the foreplay to get in the mood for complete surrender, both dominant and submissive. The sex is wild, animalist and lasts another twenty minutes before both girls have screaming climaxes. Alex pulls out with a wet plop as she falls back onto her but. Riley face plants into the mattress before rolling over. They gaze at each other hungrily as they catch their breath. Breathing heavily, waiting for round two.

Alex grabs two bottles of Gatorade out of the fridge and tosses one to Riley. The girls sip their drinks. Chucking aside the empty bottles round two begins. “So let’s see how much I stretched that ass…” Rolling Riley onto her side Alex shoves her entire fist into Riley. “Uhhhhhhh!!!” Alex works about her way in up to about half way to her elbow before pulling out. “Wow!”

“Holy shit!”

“Any thing else I can do to make you feel like the wonderful dirty girl you are?”

“Piss on me!” Alex’s evil smile returns. Straddling Riley’s waist she let’s a powerful stream. First in splatters onto her stomach and vulva. Then Alex adjust her aim arcing it onto her chest. Then her face with much of it splattering into her hair. Riley is masturbating furiously as she climaxes. Still not sated she get’s up and wipes Alex clean with her tongue before taking the dildo into her mouth for a few sucks. The girls collapse spent. “Safe!?”

“Safe.” And just like that the scene ends.

“Thank you so much for that Ali!” The girls hug fiercely and tightly headless of their messy state. “That's what I love about you no matter how disgusting, weird, and filthy I am, you not only accept me unconditionally but are actually happy to go along for the ride!! Tonight reminded me of that. So thank you!”

“You’re very, very welcome!” Alex is beaming. In unison “I love you!” A single tear falls, the another, and another. The girls are soon balling as a moment of pure catharsis takes hold. Before the collapse into a dreamless exhausted sleep.

*094*2018-01-08 13:54

{{9 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I loved that chapter Alex and Riley are such a great couple and I love reading about there adventures

}}

Thank you, I've actually been trying to showcase in my writing sex that is both healthy and fun.

*097*2018-01-18 15:36

{{3 minutes ago, Omopees said:

Are you done with this story?

If you are no sweat.

}}

Nope got side tracked with another story that ended up turning into a novella :). We'll see more of Alex and Riley when I finish the Zeramarian Civil War arc in "Through the Storm"

*098*2018-01-21 23:13

Saturday

The next morning the girls wakeup slowly Alex working her way out of the harness before rolling on top of Riley. Sharing a contented smile, they simultaneously release their morning pee. The hot fluid bathes both their nether regions and legs forming a puddle on the bed. Alex rests her head on Riley’s shoulder with a low breathy sigh and begins to hum a pleasant nonsense tune into her ear. Both basking in the warmth and intimacy as they enjoy a very lazy Saturday morning. Eventually they roll out of bed wipe down the mattress, shower and brush their teeth. The situation has them in a nostalgic mood.

When Alex was a kid her uncle sometimes needed to come in on the weekends to take care of something at the store. Usually that was no problem but sometimes her aunt would be out of town on business. If they couldn’t find a sitter in time he would have to wake her up at 6:00 AM and take her into work with him. To make up for this he would always drop a fresh basket of donuts into the fryer and scratch make hot chocolate. She would have her breakfast in the breakroom watching cartoons on the tv, often still in her pajamas.

Then she would usually sleep for another couple hours on the breakroom couch. Because Riley and Alex stayed at each other’s places so frequently Riley would also windup on the breakroom couch in her sleep wear occasionally. Around elevenish Riley’s mom or dad would pick them up and take them to their place for the rest of the day. This morning Alex and Riley drop the donuts in the fryer, scratch make the hot chocolate, and curl up in nothing but their sleep t-shirts and diapers with a plate of donuts. Pulling up Netflix they share a look heads on each other’s shoulders, legs entangled, as they start binge watching the latest season of “Steven Universe”.

