Brandon and Eileen: How it All Started

Author: lurking07

*000*2025-05-19 16:43

A/N: This one is just Brandon's desperation. The next story is just Eileen's.

###

Brandon and Eileen hadn't started their relationship engaging in desperation. In fact, Brandon hadn't even known that was something he was into.

He was never the type given overly to introspection, but rather, would simply do what felt right or good without thinking about it too much. From the time he was a child, when he needed to pee he would sometimes get the urge to just… not. And so he wouldn't. He'd hold it in until he felt like letting it go, then enjoy the extended relief of a long release when he finally did. Brandon never thought too much about why he did this, he just knew it was something he felt like doing from time to time.

When he was in college he started to set challenges for himself. His first semester, Brandon's Monday schedule had him in classes from 9:30 to 4, meaning he was out of his dorm from 9 in the morning until 4:30 in the afternoon. One Monday, feeling the urge to piss about halfway through his day, he wondered absently if he could wait until he got back to his dorm, and decided to try. He drank his usual amount, finishing his large water bottle by lunch time, having a can of soda with lunch, and refilling his water bottle for afternoon classes. By the time his final class of the day started he had finished most of it, and his bladder was feeling very swollen.

Brandon subtly shifted and squirmed in his seat throughout the lecture, occasionally giving his cock a short squeeze, but dutifully finished his water bottle. By the time class was over Brandon was absolutely bursting to pee. The walk back to his dorm was torturous. He could feel his bulging bladder bouncing inside him with every step, and had to walk stiffly with his legs tensed and pressed together.

Once he entered his dorm elevator his hand flew to his dick and he gripped himself firmly. Luckily both the hallway and the common room of his suite were empty, and Brandon was able to make his slow progress to the bathroom with a vice grip on his cock. Once inside, Brandon hurriedly undid his belt and unbuttoned his jeans. He stopped short at the sight of his bladder, a round dome between his hips. He caressed the bulge softly before moaning in relief as he released a torrent of piss. It felt almost orgasmic, and from then on putting off pissing until he returned home became a regular Monday occurrence.

Brandon also sometimes set himself the challenge of being the last one to break the seal when drinking with friends- regardless of how much he, or they, had drank. On more than one occasion he found himself sitting in his seat jiggling his leg, or standing with his legs pressed together, feeling like his bladder was about to explode with the four, five or even six beers he'd consumed while waiting for someone who hadn't even finished their second drink yet to finally get up and pee. Once everyone else had gone to the bathroom, Brandon would walk there himself as casually as possible before unleashing a waterfall of piss, sighing at the relief of finally letting go of everything he had been holding in. He never examined why he did this, he just knew he enjoyed the release of a desperate pee, and holding a lot for a long time brought him a sense of satisfaction.

Eileen, on the other hand, knew exactly what she was into. As a child she was always very interested whenever any of her friends or classmates needed to pee, and by high school she had discovered desperation porn. She also began to experiment with her own desperation at this time, and while she found it enjoyable, she always felt she'd like it even more with another person present. In her early twenties, she met a girl through a fetish website and started a desperation-inclusive friends-with-benefits relationship with her.

The girl had a large bladder that bulged enticingly, but she wasn't very expressive with her desperation, which Eileen found a bit disappointing. It also made her feel slightly awkward about her own displays. Eileen would be bouncing up and down with her hand between her legs, groaning about how bad she had to go, while the other girl stood there stoically with her legs crossed. Once she moved away, Eileen didn't seek out another desperation partner, content for the time to watch porn and hold her pee on her own.

When Brandon and Eileen met in their mid-twenties they hit it off right away. They had an explosive sexual connection, and they bonded over their bisexuality and willingness to communicate openly. They'd been together for about two months when they first began to explore desperation together.

The couple met up for a movie date at the local cinema, which was showing a double feature. Eileen looked very pretty in a flowy summer sundress, while Brandon was casually cool in a black band t-shirt and jeans. They each bought a small popcorn and a drink. While Eileen purchased a modestly-sized small soda, Brandon went for the cinema's famous super-size soda. Eileen tried not to think about how desperate that could make him, reasoning that of course he would pee after the first film.

Brandon finished the entire soda during the first film. When it was over he felt that his bladder was fairly full, but he wasn't desperate. He knew how much he was able to hold and decided to skip the restroom line, figuring he'd go after the second film.

Eileen was surprised that Brandon didn't beeline for the men's room after the first film. She herself didn't need to pee, but she'd only had a small soda- less than half of what Brandon had consumed. She tried not to read too much into it- maybe the need just hadn't hit him yet, and he'd go during the second film?

"I'm going to get a refill, since they're free with the double feature tickets," Eileen said.

"Are they really?" Brandon replied. "In that case, I will as well." And to Eileen's shock, Brandon followed her to the concession stand and refilled his massive cup.

Brandon sipped his second soda much more slowly than the first one. Eileen tried to focus on the movie, but she couldn't help being hyper aware of Brandon and on high alert for any sign he needed to piss. When he sighed and tapped his leg, was he just restless from sitting so long, or was he uncomfortable because he had to go? When he shifted in his seat, was he just readjusting, or was he squirming because his bladder was full?

Brandon's bladder was definitely very full. He still wasn't at desperation levels yet, but he could feel the organ expanding as more and more soda filtered into it, and it began to feel constricted by his waistband. He moved around slightly in his seat, trying to find a more comfortable position. He knew he could get up and go to the bathroom at any time, but he didn't want to miss any of the movie. More than that, he just...didn't want to piss yet. So he didn't.

Once the second film ended, Eileen excused herself to the restroom. Brandon thought about using it as well. He really had to go now, and knew that if he didn't he'd be frantic to pee within half an hour. But that thought gave him pause. Something about being desperate to pee in front of Eileen seemed very appealing. They planned to walk home to her place through the park, and if he couldn't hold on until they arrived, he could always take a piss outside. The idea of whipping out his dick and desperately pissing out all that soda while Eileen watched caused his cock to twitch for a very different reason than needing to pee. So he waited for his girlfriend, bladder unrelieved.

Eileen was shocked to find Brandon waiting for her in the same spot as before, clearly having been there the whole time.

"Did you go to the bathroom? I can wait for you here," she offered.

"Nah, I'm good. Let's get going," Brandon replied, and turned to leave the cinema. He didn't miss the way Eileen doubtfully eyed the huge empty soda cup he hadn't yet thrown away, but she didn't say anything and walked outside with him.

Eileen walked beside Brandon in silence, her mind whirring. He had to need to pee by now, right? He'd had two giant cups of soda! If she'd drank that much, she'd be absolutely bursting, desperate enough to rip down her panties the first semi-secluded place she could find to relieve her achingly full bladder. She looked over at Brandon, considering. For the last twenty minutes of the film she'd been positive he needed to pee, as he shifted restlessly in his seat, intermittently jiggling his leg and tapping his thigh. Even now, he was unusually quiet, and walked with oddly stiff, mincing steps. As they crossed the street and entered the park, she saw him briefly squeeze his dick under the guise of adjusting his shirt. That settled it. Brandon was clearly bursting to piss. So why hadn't he?

She knew he didn't have a problem with public restrooms, as he'd used them several times on previous dates, and the cinema restrooms were very clean. There hadn't even been a line at the men's room after the second film, so not wanting to wait wasn't a valid excuse either. The only conclusion Eileen could draw was that Brandon was deliberately holding in a massive amount of piss because he wanted to.

Eileen suddenly became very curious about what would happen if Brandon didn't get to a bathroom soon. She assumed he'd pee outside, but how long would he wait until then?

"Hey, it's such a beautiful night out. Why don't we hang out in the park for a while?" she suggested.

"Sure, I'm down," Brandon agreed easily. The park was deserted this time of night, and they were on a dirt path that wound through a small copse of trees, completely hidden from sight. This meant he could piss whenever he wanted. This also meant he could keep holding as long as he wanted, and despite the tremendous pressure in his bladder, for some reason he felt he was not ready to release it yet.

The couple sat on a bench amongst the trees, facing a small man-made pond. As he sat, Brandon's bladder was compressed by his waistband, and he began jiggling his leg. They began to discuss the films they'd just seen, but Brandon was growing more desperate by the second, and within a few minutes his leg was frantically shaking.

"Brandon. You doing okay?" Eileen asked, eyeing his jittery leg. Brandon knew there was no way he was being subtle about his need any more, and decided to come clean to Eileen.

"Yeah, I just really need to pee," he admitted.

"Well, go then? I don't mind staying here while you find a bush or whatever."

"Thanks, but I'm good."

"You're good."

"Uh huh. I'll go when I'm ready."

"...meaning you're not ready now? Even though you need to go now?"

"Yeah, I guess that's right."

"So you're... deliberately holding it?" Eileen was pushing a bit, but she had to know what was behind this.

"I guess? I never really thought about that. Is that weird?" Brandon asked. He'd never thought much about what he assumed was just a quirk of his, but he was starting to realize how strange it might come off.

"No, it's not weird," Eileen replied. She took a breath, then continued, "Is it weird if I think that's hot?"

Brandon blinked in surprise. "It's hot that I'm… what? Holding it?" Eileen looked nervous, but Brandon returned her gaze with what he hoped was frankness and curiosity. The lack of judgement seemed to spur her on, because she answered, "Yeah. It's hot that you have to go but you aren't."

Brandon paused to consider this. He'd stopped jiggling his leg and was now shifting from side to side on the bench. God, he had to piss. He really wanted to hold himself, but wasn't sure how that would go over with Eileen.

"So is that a... thing for you? When people need to piss, but hold it?" he asked.

Eileen's face went a bit red, but she nodded. "What about you? Is holding it a… thing for you?"

Brandon thought about this for a moment, tensing his thighs and pressing them together. He had to pee so badly that this was normally the point where he'd throw in the towel and go, but this conversation with Eileen felt important. They'd slept together a few times already and had discussed basic likes and dislikes in the bedroom, but this was the first time they'd broached the topic of fetishes and kinks.

"I think it is? Honestly I've never thought about it like that, but sometimes I like to hold it just because it feels... almost good? Satisfying, maybe? I'm not sure." He gave a low groan and crossed one leg over the other. "What is it specifically you like?"

"That," Eileen said. Her face was still pink, but her eyes were bright with excitement, and Brandon recognized the look of arousal in them. Damn, this really was doing it for her, wasn't it?

"I like when people get desperate, and I like to see how desperate they are. I like... pee dancing, and people holding themselves-"

"Oh thank god," Brandon said, and his hand flew to his crotch. He began furiously kneading his cock, and he gave a low moan of desperation. "I've been wanting to do that for ages, but I wasn't sure you'd be okay with it."

"I am very okay with it," Eileen responded breathlessly. "I also like… hearing about it. How bad you have to go, how full you are… I love that."

"Yeah?" Brandon gasped, wiggling his hips from side to side as he continued to grip his dick through his jeans. He felt ready to pop, but there was no way he was leaving right now, not with Eileen looking so turned on. "You wanna hear about how fucking bursting I am? How I've had to go for hours? How there's two fucking massive sodas in my bladder that want to explode out of me?"

"Oh my god. Yes," Eileen gasped, then she seemed to come to herself a bit. "Only if you want to. This is super hot to me, but only if you're into it too. If you want to pee, I want you to go."

Brandon groaned as he crushed his dick between his legs. On the one hand, he did want to go. Just release all the tension in his bladder onto the base of a tree, feeling the orgasmic relief he knew he'd get from it. He was pretty sure he'd never had to piss this badly before, ever. But on the other hand... it was exciting, being this full. And now that he understood this was a turn on for him, he realized he wanted to experiment with it some more.

"No. I mean yes, obviously I want to pee, but I want to keep holding it for a bit longer. Unnggh," he moaned as his bladder pounded inside him, trying to release. "I'm gonna have to stand up and undo my belt though."

Brandon stood up and reached for his belt with one hand, but quickly realized he had a problem. The belt buckle would take two hands to open, and he absolutely had to keep holding his cock or he'd start pissing.

"Eileen?" he asked tentatively. "Would you mind...undoing my belt for me?"

"Hmm? Oh, of course," Eileen replied. She'd been watching him with a bit of a dazed look on her face, but she quickly reached over to grasp his belt. As her fingers brushed his abdomen, she inhaled sharply.

"Holy shit baby. Can I feel that?"

"Hmm? Feel what? Ahhh..." Brandon sighed in relief as his belt released and Eileen popped open the button on his jeans. His bladder immediately took advantage of the extra room to expand, and his zipper was forced open by the protrusion.

"Your bladder. The way it's bulging out. That's also a thing for me," Eileen explained. She no longer seemed nervous or embarrassed, but almost looked as though she couldn't believe her luck.

"Is it?" Brandon asked. He'd noticed the way his bladder would protrude when it was very full, and he'd sometimes admire how big it was, how much that meant he was holding, but he'd never thought about that being interesting to someone else. But he suddenly found himself very interested in the thought of Eileen seeing and feeling his bulge and being impressed by how massive it was. "Yeah, you can feel it. Just be gentle, don't poke it or anything."

"Oh, I'd never. Oh my god," Eileen breathed as she lifted Brandon's shirt and stroked her fingers almost reverently across the round dome, where his abdomen was normally taut and flat. "It's huge, babe. I can't believe how full you are. You must be unbelievably desperate." She spread her hand across the bulge and rubbed it gently. "It's so tight. You must be brimming with piss. I bet you're just bursting to go."

"Damn Eileen, you're making me hard," Brandon whispered. It was true, between her delicate touch and her strangely arousing words, Brandon's cock had risen to half mast. He doubted he could get fully hard with how desperate he was though. Brandon groaned again as his bladder pounded anew, and he began frantically squeezing his dick. "Unnnhh. Oh my god, I've gotta fucking piss. I'm not gonna last much longer, baby."

"You let go whenever you want to. This is all on your terms."

"I'm gonna try to keep holding for a few more minutes- mmph- holy shit, I've gotta fucking go-" Brandon was now gasping. He gripped his still half-hard cock tightly through his boxer briefs and moaned, dancing frantically from foot to foot. For about a minute there were no sounds other than Brandon's heavy breathing and soft moans as he fought to contain all the soda begging to be released, Eileen sitting stock-still, staring at him with her mouth slightly open. Then he gave a louder groan, and gasped, "Eileen. Eileen. I need to pee, I've gotta go so fucking bad- unnggh- Eileen- I need to piss- I've gotta- oh god, I'M PEEING-"

Brandon swiftly pushed down the waistband of his underpants with one hand while pulling out his already pissing cock with the other. He aimed himself at the ground as pee poured out of him like a faucet, spreading through the grass and down to the pond.

"Ohhh my godddd...." Brandon gave a deep sigh of relief as he continued pissing full force. Eileen stared at him, transfixed, her cheeks pink and her eyes glassy. She couldn't believe how much pee had been in him. It just kept coming and coming with no sign of ending. His stream continued full force for nearly a minute before slowing to a trickle and then stopping. Brandon shook himself off, muttering, "Jesus Christ, I've never needed a piss so bad in my life..."

He collapsed back onto the bench, and immediately Eileen was on top of him. She straddled his lap and kissed him deeply, her hands twisting in his hair. Brandon responded with enthusiasm, although he was still slightly dazed from the whole thing. Eventually Eileen came up for air.

"Brandon. That was absolutely the hottest thing I have ever fucking seen."

Brandon smiled. He had to admit, the whole experience had been thrilling. "I'm glad you enjoyed the show." He paused, pondering. "Is that ever something you do yourself? Hold it and get...desperate?"

"Sometimes." Eileen smiled back. "Do you think you'd like to see me desperate?"

"Yes," Brandon answered emphatically. He'd surprised himself with the suddenness of his response, but as soon as he visualized the image of Eileen with her legs crossed, holding herself and moaning about how much she needed to pee, he knew he needed to make that a reality.

Eileen smiled and kissed him again.

"Well then," she said, "We'll just need to arrange that for next time."

