Futanari girl can’t pee

Author: Labalaba003

*000*2022-12-22 03:39

Hit my head and my last braincell made this. First story so feel free to incinerate it. Also repost cause I posted in the wrong place. Might make a part two if anyone wants or has any ideas.

Alexa woke up as the first ray of sunlight hit her face. She groaned and rubbed her eyes and looked at the time.

8:15

Her eyes widened in a panic. Her alarm didn’t go off for some reason, but if she left the house now she might still make it to work without being late.

As Alexa tore off her nightgown and put on her work clothes, she felt a pang in her bladder. But it wasn’t too bad so she ignored it and ran outside.

“Please wait!” Alexa yelled to the bus, running as fast as she could. She didn’t have a car of her own so she resorted to public transport. The maintenance feed and fuel costs were astronomical.

However the bus was already driving away and she was forced to suck it up and walk through the forest.

She knew that it would take her a few extra minutes to get to work and she won’t be able to use the bathroom on the other side of the place she worked at, so she would just have to hold it through the first meeting and go after that.

As she made her way over, the sound of a nearby river hit her ears. She groaned as the sound tempted her, however there were too many people walking through the forest. She could probably find a bush or something to hide in, but if she was caught, she would be screwed.

The reason is because she is a futanari. There are several futanaris in the world, but they are pretty rare and are considered freaks, so they have to lie about their gender and bribe doctors doing exams to avoid getting tested on.

Alexa walked up to her workplace, slightly shifting from side to side to ease her aching bladder, and quickly made her way into the building.

“Hello Alexa,” someone called her from behind. It was her coworker Jane and she was carrying two cups of coffee in her hands. “Want one?”

“Sure,” Alexa replied, not wanting to be rude. She took the cup and shivered a bit at the feeling of the warm sloshing water in her hands. She knew that the meeting won’t take long though, so Alexa took a big sip. Jane smiled and the two of them walked forward to the confrence room.

“Good morning everyone,” their boss said, walking into the room. Everyone else was already gathered, with the exception of Alex, that one always late employee, so the boss didn’t waste any time starting the meeting. “We have quite a few things to go over and some work to review, so let’s get started.”

As the meeing went on, Alexa began to shift in her seat. Her bladder was getting dangerously full, but not yet at the point of where she had to hold herself.

But the meeting was taking longer than usual. And Alex finally walked into the door, delaying the ending of the meeting even further as they were briefed on what everyone just talked about. Alexa wondered why they couldn’t just fire him, but she remembered Jane explaining that this employee apparently was one of the few people keeping this company together.

A sudden wave crashed onto Alexa and she pushed a hand onto her dick to keep herself from leaking. Thankfully no one seemed to notice as everyone was too busy explaining everything to Alex, so Alexa took this opportunity to cross her legs and shift her dick around into a more comfortable position.

She looked to the side and saw Jane looking at her, but the woman shifted her gaze away before their eyes could meet. Alexa noticed that Jane looked a bit tense, but a sudden noise got her attention.

“Look, I hear you, but hear me out... 15%,” Alex said as he dropped his backpack onto the floor and opened a bottle of tea. Alexa squeezed her tights together as the sloshing of tea hit her ears. Her body shook slightly as Alex opened and shook the bottle around.

Please stop shaking the bottle you annoying dingus!

Alexa cursed Alex under her breath, as he continued to torture her with his tea bottle. She desperately tried to resist the urge to hold herself and to keep the shifting to a minimum. She noticed that Jane seemed to be shifting from side to side as well.

Guess I’m not the only one stuck in this predicament.

Both her and Jane sighed in relief when Alex finally put his tea back into his bag. Jane seemed to stop shifting in her seat, but a single hand was permanently stuck under the desk, while the other one was busy taking notes.

“We already agreed on 13, we can’t just change things at the last minute,” the boss said, turning to Alex.

“But what if you did tho?” he insisted.

“Jesus christ,” boss muttered. “Come see me after the meeting, we’ll talk then.”

“Ight, till then.”

Alex grabbed his bag and walked out of the room.

“God damn prick,” boss mumbled, just loud enough for a few people to hear. He returned to the board and pointed to something. “Let’s continue.”

The meeting went on for a few more minutes, with Jane and Alexa getting progressively more and more desperate.

As soon as the meeting ended, Jane threw all of her things into her bag and dashed out the door. Alexa waited for a few moments, taking her time putting things away until everyone was gone, before standing up, legs crossed, and waddling over to the door.

She did her best to stay calm and not dash to the other side of the door. As she slowly made her way to the bathroom, her bladder sent a painful shockwave, forcing her to pause. She tried her hardest to stop herself from grabbing her crotch as she fought to regain control of her bladder. After a few seconds she looked around, but thankfully no one seemed to notice.

She quickened her pace and rounded the corner, only to be left face to face with an out of order sign.

“Damn it!” she muttered under her breath, bouncing from foot to foot. The sensation of relief being snatched away from her only made her need worse. She began to waddle back to her office when a spurt escaped into her panties.

Alexa grabbed herself for a moment as she looked around, but thankfully no one was here at the moment. She began to look around frantically, trying to find anything that could bring her relief. The only other bathroom was in the second building, however, Alexa wasn’t sure she could make it that far.

Her eyes fell upon a large empty bottle of ice tea, identical to the one Alex was drinking earlier. Without a second thought, she grabbed it and dashed into the nearest storage closet.

Alexa pulled down her pants and pulled out her cock. But just as she was about to let loose, a click and flash of the camera made her turn towards the barely open door in horror.

“Well, isn’t this a surprise. Who knew my coworker was hiding a big secret like this,” Jane said. She was still hoping from foot to foot and had one hand in her crotch, but her worried and desperate expression was replaced with a sinister smile. “I wonder how the higher ups will react to this?”

“J-jane, p-please don’t-ah- tell anyone about this,” Alexa trembled under the gaze of her coworker as she kept the dam closed with both her hands.

“Keep this a secret? Why would I do that? With you gone, it’ll be much easier for me to get a promotion,” Jane replied, her smile widening. “I mean, unless…”

“Unless what?”

“Put it back in your skirt and take a sick day. Then meet me outside. And you better not let a drop out until I say so,” she replied, waddling off.

Alexa groaned and got dressed again. With relief being so close, it was even harder to hold it than before.

This day is a disaster.

***

The whole ride home Jane rubbed Alexa’s penis just enough to make her erect and unable to pee, but not hard enough to let her cum. Alexa felt herself being dragged back and forth between pleasure and pain, and she could do nothing but squirm in place and sob, since her hands were tied behind her back. If she tried to protest, Jane threatened to send the photo to her boss and get her fired on the spot.

Despite her huge erection, her cock leaked a few drops at the sight of her house. Her desperation skyrocketed with relief being so close.

“Hah hah hah…” Alexa was gasping for air, trying her best to hold it in. She squirmed in her seat as Jane began undoing the ropes behind her back. Alexa tucked her throbbing erection into her skirt, stumbled out of the car and began to make her way to her house.

*Pshhhhhhhhh*

Paniking, she grabbed herself under her skirt and squeezed, but she realized that she was still relatively dry. Behind her Jane was trembling as she held herself, a small stream coming out from between her legs. She managed to just barely stem the flow, and follow Alexa inside.

Alexa swung open the door and began to make her way to the bathroom, but Jane ran past her and closed the door in her face.

“Ah! Wait! Open the door, please!” Alexa yelled, grabbing herself so tight that it hurt. She was on the verge of wetting herself, and her fading erection wasn’t helping.

*Hisssssss*

“GAH!”

Alexa screamed and doubled over. The noise and moans coming from the door only made her need worse and she desperately tried not to piss herself. She pulled out her cock and began to stroke it to regain her erection and hopefully hold it for a few more minutes, but her bladder was ready to pop.

“Hurry up! Please!” Alexa yelled, pounding on the door.

“Just a minute!” Jane yelled back and continued to piss even harder. Alexa fell to her knees and began to sob. Her bladder and her dick hurt so much from a full day of denial. All she wanted to do now was to finish herself off on the toilet and get rid of the liquid in her bladder.

Jane finished up and flushed the toilet, much to Alexa’s dismay. The sound of the water leaving the drain was pure torture, and the water flowing in the sink wasn’t much better.

“Wash your hands later! Just open the door!” Alexa screamed in pain.

The door opened and she tried to rush inside, but Jane stopped her.

“My my, what a naughty futa you are, whipping out your cock in front of me like that,” Jane smirked, biting her lips.

“P-please, let me in,” Alexa whimpered, still trying to push past the woman. Jane walked to the side and Alexa was about to rush forward, but a click of handcuffs and cold metal on her wrists stopped her. Before she knew it, her hands were bound behind her back and attached to the doorknob of the bathroom door.

“Jane! Let me g-go, please! I-I’m about to burst!” Alexa yelled, squirming in place.

“I can see that. Your bladder is huge. I just want to see how much bigger it can get.”

“Not -ah- much. I’m b-barely holding on as is! Let me go!” Alexa replied, thrashing around. Her cock was beginning to soften and drops of urine were leaking out.

Jane kneeled down, grabbed Alexa’s penis and began to slowly stroke it, forcing it to swell up again.

“Ah! No! I w-won’t be a-AH-ble to p-pee if you k-keep going!” Alexa yelled. Jane let her go and the bursting futa let out a sigh of relief. But her face paled when Jane pulled out a water bottle, a vibrator and some tape.

“J-jane please l-let me g-GAH!” Alexa tried to plead before a wave of desperation hit her, forcing the poor girl to double over. Jane used this moment to tape the vibrator around Alexa’s cock and turned it to low. Not high enough to let her cum, but high enough to keep her erect and unable to pee.

“J-jane?”

Instead of answering her, Jane shoved the water bottle into her mouth and forced her to swallow. She repeated this with two more water bottles until they were empty and Alexa was gasping for air. Jane then stripped her of her clothes and tied her up to the door with the remaining tape. Finally, she shoved a gag into the girl's mouth to stop Alexa from begging for release and stepped back to admire her work.

“I’ll be back soon, ok? Make sure you keep holding for me darling,” Jane told her and walked out of the bathroom. Then she left the house, locking it behind her.

Inside Alexa tried to scream out to Jane to let her go, but she knew it was no use. She squirmed around as much as the tape allowed her to at least remove the torturous vibrators, but there was way more than enough tape to keep her from going anywhere.

She groaned as another wave hit her, however she knew she couldn’t do anything about it. Now she couldn’t even cross her legs or double over. Not like she needed to anyways. She couldn’t pee while being this hard, and she couldn’t do anything about the vibrators or the tape.

Alexa wept as she continued to squirm, trying to find any position that could grant her even an ounce of relief, but nothing helped.

Her bladder was beginning to swell up even more with the addition of the extra water and the pain was unbearable.

Let me pee, let me pee, let me pee! I don’t care if I wet myself, just let me pee.

She cried while her bladder continued to expand and her dick was held at the edge of an orgasm. This double torture of denial and pain was slowly turning her brain to mush. She couldn’t focus on anything except for the two screaming needs.

Liquids continued to ooze out of her, although none that she actually wanted. Her whole body was trembling and covered in sweat and her face in tears and saliva. Her bladder bulged out so much, that if anyone saw her, they would think she was pregnant.

She didn’t hear Jane walk back inside several hours later and barely reacted when the woman was right in front of her. It wasn’t until Jane pushed on her bladder, did Alexa give a reaction.

“Hah, hah, h-haaa, hghh,” Alexa moaned into her gag, unable to form a comprehensive sentence.

Jane stared in awe at the huge bladder bulge as she rubbed her fingers along the stretched skin. She tapped in the bladder several times, sending shockwaves crashing down onto the futa. Alexa groaned and thrashed around in pain, but there was nothing she could do to stop the assault.

Jane continued to massage Alexa’s bladder as the futanari screamed and cried into her gag, begging to get any kind of relief. Jane began to tease her nipples and the tip of her cock before returning to her bladder one more. She pushed on it with her hand and watched Alexa’s reaction.

“Mph! MmmmMMMMM!”

Please stop! It hurts too much!!!” Alexa tried to scream. Jane paid her no mind as she increased the pressure. Alexa’s body trembled under the strain, trying desperately to release the contents of her bladder. She felt that if Jane pressed any harder, her bladder would pop.

Finally having enough, Jane let go and began to untie Alexa. As soon as the tape was gone, the futa collapsed to the floor, gently holding her bladder with shaky hands. She leaned against the door, still in blinding pain and desperation, her body too weak to move. The vibrators were still keeping her on edge,

“Well? The toilet is right there,” Jane pointed to the toilet and waited for Alexa to make her move. The futa didn’t try to stand up, instead, she began to crawl to the porcelain throne on all fours. Once she reached it, she grabbed the sides with trembling hands and tried to pull herself up. Just as she was half way up, her bladder touched the edge of the toilet, and Alexa doubled over in pain and desperation. Her bladder didn’t have any give to it anymore and felt like it would pop at any moment.

“P…le….as….e….” she whimpered out, trying to tear off the tape.

“Hm? Do you need something?”

“L…e….t……..m…e…..pe….e…”

One of Alexa’s hands continued to tear off the tape and vibrators, while the other slowly rubbed her overfilled bladder. Jane began to slowly and methodically peal off the tape and remove the vibrators one by one as Alexa continued to sob in pain. Tears streamed down her face, and salaiva she didn’t have the energy to swallow poured down her chin.

The skin on her bladder was bright red, and Jane could see all the little veins all around her bloated stomach. If someone saw her, they would think she was pregnant for months and would be due any day now.

As the last vibrator dropped to the ground, Alexa groaned. She laid down onto the hard cold floor of her bathroom, watching her large throbbing erection slowly shrink and soften. Jane just watched the futanari’s trembling nude wet body, admiring her huge bladder.

A drop of crystal clear urine popped up out of the tip of her dick and dropped onto the floor. Another one soon followed, followed by several more. A small steady stream began to pour down, creating a small puddle in front of Alexa. The puddle grew and grew as the stream strengthened until suddenly.

@@pshhhhhh…PSSSSS

The small stream burst into a violent tortent, flying over to the other side of the bathroom, landing in the bathtub. Everything was being sprayed in piss, but all Alexa could do was lay back and moan in pleasure as her bladder deflated.

She began to shake violently and ached her back screaming and thrashed around, as the pleasure finally pushed her over the edge. Jane began rubbing herself with one hand and record everything with the other.

Alexa’s piss lasted for almost two minutes before it started to die down. After a few more minutes it finally stopped. Alexa ghasped for air as she stayed on her back, her bathroom floor drenched in piss, and her bladder empty. The relief she dreamed off the whole day has finally come.

“Ah!”

Jane’s body trembled as she finished herself off. She sighed in relief and pleasure before standing up.

“Thank you for the lovely evening darling. I’ll see you at work tomorrow. And remember, this is our little secret.”

Alexa didn’t have the strength to reply, and instead continued to lay down on the floor with her eyes closed.

