An ideal day of me (F) making you (M) hold

Author: lfererro7

*000*2022-06-25 01:31

*story describes multiple other sexual acts including edging and post orgasm torture

You wake up around 10am already having to piss but hold your morning piss for me. I show up around noon and the fun begins We sit down to watch a movie and you have a glass of water. You're uncomfortable, but it's manageable. I start edging you during the movie, first just slowly rubbing your dick, then maybe sucking your cock a bit, but not letting you cum. It's uncomfortable to get hard because of your full bladder. You keep drinking glasses of water for me like a good boy. I push on your bladder and you whimper and grab yourself. The movie ends and your bursting at this point. I still haven't let you cum either. You beg me to let you piss even though you already know the answer.

Next I tie you up. I keep edging you for a while until I finally let you cum. You almost lose control and I pinch your dick shut so that cum is the only thing that escapes you. You're torn between the good feeling of finally getting to cum and how badly you have to piss. Then it's time for some post orgasm torture You're tied up, so there's not much you can do about that. I'm rubbing and sucking the tip of your dick, hard. You're begging me to stop but I won't and it hurts so good. Finally you cum again. We repeat this until I've milked you dry.

You had almost forgotten about how badly you had to piss because you were distracted by my torturing your poor little cock, but now it hits you full force again. Perhaps it's because I've made you drink another glass of water. It's around 4pm now and it's been about 14 hours since your last piss. You're so full your bladder feels like a rock. I untie you and take you to the bathroom for some fun I make you stand in front of the toilet and turn on the sink. I flush the toilet as you're begging me to let you piss. You leak a little and I scold you and grab the tip of your dick. You're being a bad boy, a disappointment. I make you get in the tub and kneel while I piss on your dick. My piss cascading off your dick makes you wish it was your own piss. You can barely hold on, but you don't want to disappoint me again, do you? We shower to clean off my piss and the shower water is killing you. All you want to do is let go but I won't let you. You beg and beg but the answer is still no.

I decide to take pity on you and let you out of the bathroom so you're not as tortured by the site of the toilet. You sit on the couch. I've been edging myself this whole time now without letting myself cum and I continue again now as you watch, but I still don't let myself cum yet. We turn on some TV again to give you a distraction. You wince as I caress your bladder. You drink yet another glass of water. I start to play with your dick again. It hurts as your dick tries and fails to get hard again because your bladder is so full. You leak a drop onto the floor and I pinch the tip of your dick shut as you whimper and beg. The answer is still no.

I take you back to the bathroom and make you get in the shower. It takes a minute for you to be able to stand up without losing it and when you do your need gets so much worse. I pull out a small glass and give you two options. You can either piss out enough to fill the glass but then you have to stop and drink a glass of water, or keep holding with no release at all but I won't make you drink anymore. You decide you need to let something out, anything. I barely place the glass beneath your dick when a torrent of piss shoots out of you. You're pissing so hard you fill the glass in only a few seconds. I pinch your dick shut again to stop the flow and you cry out.

It felt so good in the moment but you know you've fucked up. It hurts 10x worse to have started and stopped than it would've to just hold. But you're the one that wanted to piss. I get a glass twice as big and fill it with water for you to drink as you whimper again and beg me to let you finish. Clearly that's not gonna happen. I sit on the toilet and make you watch as I piss. Between the sound of me peeing, the toilet flushing, and me washing my hands you're in agony. You start to leak again and I hold you to stop. I've got a big measuring jug I've brought with me to see how much you're holding for me. I've decided to be nice and dump the cup of piss into it to add to how much we measure. If you don't hold at least a liter and piss for at least a full minute, there'll be consequences.

You can't even think at this point. You try to move any way you can to release pressure but it doesn't work. I let you go lie down because you're not going to be allowed to piss anytime soon. You've just let out a whole cup, so you've clearly made more room in your poor, overworked bladder. Laying down takes some of the pressure off, but you yelp as I press on your bladder again. I'm sucking your dick again and it tries and fails to get hard again. I'm edging myself still and you watch me to try to distract yourself. It's now been around 16 hours since you last pissed and you've never had to go this bad in your life. You cry out as you leak again. You let me know you won't be able to hold on much longer and we take you back to the shower. Standing up is absolute hell and you can barely walk. I'm gripping your dick in a vice the entire time we walk to prevent any further leaks.

You get in the shower and I get the jug. I let go of the tip of your dick and a spurt of piss shoots out but you're able to get control. This happens a few more times over the next half an hour and you're holding on for longer than you thought. You beg me to let you piss again and again and again, whimpering every time I say no. You have to piss so bad you're shaking. You start leaking and it's almost just a continuous stream even though you're trying so hard to hold on for me. Finally, your bladder gives out and there's nothing you or I can do to stop it. I let you know how much of a disappointment you are as the piss pours out of you. What kind of a grown man has an accident? It feels so good that you're moaning nice and loud for me. While you're enjoying the pleasure of pissing, I finally let myself cum. We measure and you're lucky enough to meet my requirements, pissing over a liter. I tell you you're a good boy and you spare yourself even worse torture.

For the rest of the night I try to make you hold it again but your bladder is too weak and you're pissing almost every hour. I decide to be nice and let you cum again, this time without torturing you. I'm filling you up with water the entire night though. We go to bed and you seem unaware of what's in store tomorrow.

You wake up a few times during the night having to piss but I don't let you. You are not to leave the bed. You squirm but are eventually able to fall back to sleep. When you wake up in the morning you're bursting again. You go to get up because you think you won't be able to hold much longer but I don't let you. I take you in my hands and slowly start to suck your cock. To your surprise (and with much pain), you get nice and hard for me. I'm edging you again and you're begging me for any kind of release. Haven't you learned by now? The answer is always no. You gasp in pain as I get on top of you and start to ride you.

It feels so good but the pressure of me pushing down again and again so close to your bladder is killing you. You're begging me to stop. If only I'd just let you piss, then fucking you would feel so good. Finally we both start to feel something warm and wet. You're trying to stop but your bladder is still so worn out from yesterday there's no chance of holding on. You enjoy how good it feels to finally release all of that piss you've been saving all night while I'm still riding your dick. I let myself cum. You finish pissing and your cum is not far behind. I let myself cum again, at the same time as you.

You get out of bed and I scold you. Poor little boy has wet the bed. I make you clean up your mess and then make me breakfast. Then I head home, locking up your pathetic little cock before I leave. Your bladder is still worn out and you're pissing almost nonstop the rest of the day. I let you know that means we'll just have to keep working to strengthen it for you, and next time you had better hold more for me 
