My Sister’s Keeper - Page 2

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*025*2018-07-19 15:10

Ch. 3

The Kirita reappears in a flash around an airless rock orbiting a cold dim star. Directly in front of them is a lower midsized toroid station, 5km in diameter. Zooming in on optical they can clearly see the pylons that The Defiant have attached to direct the particle streams outward. Thirty-six satellites hang in a precise arrangement to reflect the beams and generate the gate. Mariatta goes through the prejump procedures with station control before they power up. Sensors pick up a massive energy build up. The first beam exits the emitters and hits the reflector dish on one of the sattelites. More beams are added, and the gate begins to take shape. A cat’s cradle of fiery glowing energy suspended in the void. The ship actually begins to vibrate from the gravitational distortions.

Then it appears, a swirling vortex of energy as space and time are momentarily torn asunder. Energies not seen since the birth of the universe bleeding through. Mariatta give a small amount of power to the thrusters and the ship disappears into the gate, leaving our universe behind.

The Kirita rematerializes in orbit of an earth parallel solar system. Luckily the Amazon’s need for secrecy has prevented them from being able to acquire the tech to deploy and FTL sensor net. So the Kirita will go undetected. Still they have to be careful. Smuggling had been lucrative for the sisters and reinvesting that has outfitted the ship with active camouflage and infrared masking. They accelerate to FTL for thirty seconds then coast the rest of the way in. Slipping into orbit on a steep trajectory. A klaxon sounds.

“All hands this the captain. We are go for insertion at suboptimal angle of entry so it’s going to be rough ride. As we are now entering the operations zone I’m calling for general quarters. I say again general quarters, general quarters!! All hands to action stations this is not a drill!!!” The klaxon continues to sound

“Acknowledge captain this is lieutenant Veaw, the young Kindari answers. Salamanders stand ready, bring the fire.” The ship shakes and rocks as it descends at steep angle shields glowing orange. The assault team sits in the cargo bay lit by red emergency lights. All they can do is wait for the Kirita and her crew to carry them to the target.

“Shit sis we’re lighting up like festival fireworks on the air defense net! We have missile launch!! Activating dazzlers.”

“Spotted going evasive!” Mariatta activates the intercom, Celtic synthmetal blasting. The ship roles and yaws, screaming as it spirals through the upper atmosphere. Missiles flying wide denotate and the whole night sky seems like day for a few seconds. The Kirita blazes defiance the counter missiles roaring earthward to meet challengers as the point defense lasers engage. At this range a few get through, but the shields hold pulsing with light as they bleed excess energy.

They are now over the target and Mariatta can see the large concrete buildings making up the compound. “Most of those missiles were national defense grid. This site only has a few accelerator chain guns and I’ve got them painted and locked.”

“Concussion missiles only. We can’t risk killing the people we’re trying to save with cluster heads or micronukes.”

“Roger Cap! Concussion missiles locked. Missiles away!” The facilities air defenses main gate and vehicle depots go up in a flash. The Kirita banks in low preparing for air drop…..
