Riding out a Blizzard in Diapers - Page 5

Author: LittlePunkGirl

*100*2018-01-23 04:34

The girls spend the rest of the day relaxing and catching up. November and the leadup to finals were hell. Both Alex and Riley were highly stressed and it was definitely straining their relationship. The small dorm room made it hard to find space to decompress. Riley noticed her workout routines slipping, making her even more frustrated. Alex couldn’t focus on her personal projects and was feeling creative burnout. The time crunch also deprived them of one of their favorite stress relievers. Neither of them had had sex in more than a month. So, this whole situation turned out be an excellent surprise. It gave them both space to decompress and reconnect without any worries or expectations. Even the diapers proved helpful forcing Alex and Riley to let go of inhibitions, pretense, and social baggage. Bringing new levels of physical and emotional intimacy to their relationship.

Now the girls are getting ready to enjoy their second to last dinner while ridding out a blizzard in diapers…..

*102*2018-01-24 15:11

Holy shit people I can't believe how many views this has gotten .

I wanted to thank everyone who's been reading this and especially to those who've been along for the ride from the beginning. I also wanted to apologize in advance for dusting of this meme. I just couldn't resist .

I am such a dork .

$iframe height="344" width="459" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ili6jo597FU?feature=oembed"

*103*2018-01-25 16:10

“So, Riley I was thinking that it would be fun to do a fancy dinner in pajamas?”

“Yessssss!”

“Let’s do it!” Riley is bouncing excitedly. “I know you’ve always wanted to show up at fancy restaurant in PJs. I don’t know if we’d ever be able to get away with that, but I figure this is the next best thing. Spanish style steak and rice sound good?”

“Sounds Great!”

“I figure some of that cheap ass boxed wine from the liquor section should be drinkable once made into sangria.”

“I like the way you think.” The girls get to work preparing a nice dinner. Riley assists by chopping vegetables, while Alex works on tenderizing and seasoning the steaks before letting them rest and starting the rice. Once that’s done the steaks are popped under the commercial gas broiler and begin to develop a beautiful char crust. Alex chops the fruit while Riley grabs a couple boxes of wine.

Dinner is delicious but mostly quiet. The communication is largely nonverbal as Alex and Riley simply take the time to enjoy each other’s presence. A surprising amount of information is conveyed via eye contact and light touch. Hands brushing arms or pushing aside a strand of hair. Legs and feet brushing against each other. The girls take turns cutting of pieces of steak and feeding each other. Riley takes a napkin and wipes a spot of wine off Alex’s mouth. As dinner finishes up however and the wine kicks in both start to become livelier. Riley stands up stretching and begins to loudly and visibly wet her diaper. “God, I love wearing a diaper when drunk! I can piss myself and not give a fuck because minimal cleanup.”

“That didn’t seem to stop you that one time we got into This Side of Paradise…..” Riley flushes crimson. Alex hugs her “It’s okay I love my wild girl.” Riley squeezes tightly as she returns the hug. “Good, I want to completely lose control right now, just do shit because I want to. I know it can’t be that way most of the time. But in this space….”

“What do you want do?” Riley has mischievous grin. “First let’s get naked and cleanup.” Alex returns the grin “I’m down for anything that involves the two of us naked.”

Alex and Riley, now nude and with freshly scrubbed privates, return to the dinner area. “So, what did you have in mind?” Riley pulls an extra-large cheesecake out of the refrigerator case below the counter. The mischievous grin still fixed to her face. “I was thinking dessert in bed?”

“Let’s do it!”

Now seated on the mattress with dessert in between them Alex and Riley share a look just before Riley smashes her face into cake and gets to work eating. Alex joining her only a few seconds later. After a minute their mouths accidentally meet and a make out session begins. Passing the cream cheese filling between them before swallowing. Riley pushes Alex down onto to mattress and grabbing handles fulls of cheesecake begins to smear it up and down her lover’s body. Breasts, stomach, face, some of it winds up in her hair. Alex is soon doing the same to Riley. The girls pause to catch their breath, Riley has a look of nervous hesitation on her face. Alex grinning “What ever wild ass idea you have going on in that head… go for it!” Riley smiling grabs a fistful of cheesecake and shoves it up Alex’s vagina. Alex’s eyes go wide in surprise “Wuhhhh fuck!”

“Well that was interesting and a very weird sensation…. I guess I’m going to have to douche tomorrow to avoid getting a yeast infection. Still I think I like where this is going…” Alex and Riley continue to make out as Riley adds more sweet, creamy stuffing. She then begins to kiss her way down Alex’s body stopping just above her sex. The girls share a knowing smile before Riley resumes eating. “Mmmmphhh….. indistinct mumbling”

“Huh?”

“I said. Your juice makes the perfect dessert sauce Ali!”

“It’s because I’m just that awesome, it just soaks out of me.” Both girls laugh hysterically more from emotion then the actual joke.” Riley finishes cleaning up her mess as best she can, bringing Alex to a shuddering climax in the process. “

Okay I got to know what this tastes like!” Alex says as she grabs a hand full and smears it across Riley’s pubic area. It takes her fifteen minutes to clean up her mess and bring Riley to climax in the process. “How was it?”

“Delicious!” The girls naked, sticky, and messy curl up in each other’s arms. They are also full, cumed out, and exhausted as they drift off to sleep with a contented smile on both their faces.

*105*2018-07-14 20:32

So this is the ending to the first ever story I started righting. Definitely a whole mood in of itself. I want to thank everyone who's stuck with me this long. It just took a while to find an ending that felt right. Enjoy and don't I don't think this is the last we'll see of these two.

Sunday

There is a bitter sweet tinge that morning as the two shower, shave their legs and diaper each other. This random event has brought them closer and added a new dimension to their relationship. Saddly like all things this time must end. So the girls are going to make the most of it. After breakfast they decide to take a walk before heading out. The blizzard has spent itself and now only gentle flurries of snow fall. “You feeling it to?” Riley asks.

“The sense of finality and the impernance of existence? Yeah…”

“What do you want to do about it?”

“Distraction is the typical response.” Alex adds.

“So naked snowball fight?” Riley blurts out

“Hell Yes!!” Alex says laughing hysterical

And that how is how this day ends, the girls laughing and chasing. Rushing about to keep warm as Riley occasionally smacks Alex on the but with a familiar double ended dildo before pulling her down into snow bank and skewering both of them. There burning heat a contrast against the freezing cold. Holding each other as they scream love, pain, anger, joy, and sadness against the silent white void. Two people burning brightly for one brief moment.

As Alex rides back home on the snowmobile clinging to Riley feeling the vibrations through her wet padding. She can’t help but think but how much this week has changed her and her relationship to girlfriend. And yet how much is the same. How simingly still and yet changing her life is not unlike the swirling whit countryside they drive through. And yet despite that she also feels something perhaps a brief moment of peace? Certainly, a rarity in modern life. Whatever the case may be she knows that together she and Riley can ride out anything.

And with that we pull out over houses and trees as small light arrows through trees. Black and white with branches bare. All else silent.

*108*2018-07-14 21:50

{{52 minutes ago, Omopees said:

Also what FNF?

}}

Your Friendly Neighborhood Fetishist Glad you enjoyed it

*111*2018-07-17 22:07

{{1 hour ago, Manowar said:

Excellent story. Maybe you'll write kind of sequel?

}}

I've got some stuff potentially planned

