Casual Vacation

Author: LinksDesires

*000*2023-09-13 21:00

Grace stretched her legs out in her seat in the jet, eyes fixated on the scenery out the window. The girls were on their annual trip to Izzy’s beach house, Grace had never gotten to go before. Her heart raced out of sheer excitement. She couldn’t remember the last time she had been on a trip, and she knew she’d never gone on one quite as lavish as this. She turned to look at her friends, who seemed entirely nonplussed by the fact they were quite literally sitting in a private jet.

She was admittedly nervous, as well. She had never been so far from home, and to make things worse, she had to pee quite bad. Grace had nervously chugged down way too much water and soda, and it suddenly started to catch up to her.

Grace quietly groaned and crossed her legs together before looking at Izzy. She hadn’t said anything before out of embarrassment, but, she couldn’t take it anymore. She figured asking for a bathroom was less humiliating than wetting her pants in her friend’s fancy private jet. She gathered up the courage to walk to where Izzy was sitting and tap her on the shoulder “Izzy?”

“Yeah?” Izzy asked, looking up from her phone. Grace looked at her with pleading eyes, blushing. Recognition flashed over Izzy’s face, replaced by a sly smile. Grace was confused, but didn’t have time to question it.

“Is there a bathroom on this thing?” Grace’s fidgeting was growing quicker by the second. Her bladder felt entirely too full, to the point it hurt. She knew one wrong move would soak her panties.

“Yeah, just go wherever.” Izzy said casually, keeping that smile. Grace groaned.

“Please, don’t play around, I’m about to wet myself.” Grace grew more and more desperate. In that moment, Aria turned around to join the conversation.

“She’s being serious. They deep clean this thing after every flight, so you can just go wherever.” Aria shifted a bit in her seat. Grace barked out a fake laugh, convinced this was some weird prank.

“No way.” Grace groaned again, legs twisting together even tighter. Was this some kind of cruel joke?

“Yes way. Watch.” Aria said, all too casually given the circumstances. She slumped back in her seat and spread her legs, glancing up at Grace to make sure she was watching. Grace couldn’t dream of looking away. Was she going to do what Grace thought she was?

Aria grabbed the leg of her athletic shorts and pulled them to the side, revealing her bare pussy to Grace, and started to go without a hint of shame. It was a weak stream that just pooled down at her ass and soaked her shorts. Aria swore to herself before using her fingers to pull up her lips. Her stream suddenly got stronger, and arced in the air, running off the front of her seat, obscenely soaking the carpet under her. She sighed in relief as she let go, her stream hissing as it soaked into everything. Grace whined loudly, feeling herself leak a bit of pee into her panties. She stuffed her hand between her legs, bladder wanting to release out of sympathy.

Grace couldn’t will her bladder to let go like this, not even when she was so desperate. She made a high pitched whine, and blushed bright red. “Oh god.” She whispered, eyes beginning to tear up. Izzy sighed and stood up, moving behind Grace.

“Do you need help? You don’t have any other option here.” Izzy whispered in Grace’s ear, wrapping her arms around the smaller girl’s abdomen. Grace yelped at the contact, and only nodded her head. She realized with horror that she was quite aroused by the close contact, but pushed that thought to the side. Her bladder was much more urgent in the moment. She continued staring at Aria’s stream, watching as it began to dwindle and further pool on the seat.

Izzy probed Grace’s bladder with her thin fingers, pressing down hard, making Grace squirm and moan under her ministrations. Finally, Izzy found the sweet spot, the second she pushed on it, a leak escaped Grace, who tried to clench her muscles tight. Izzy pressed on the spot harder.

“Just relax, hun, you’ll feel so much better when you go.” She cooed, as she probed even harder. Grace moaned as she let out another spurt of piss, this time, she didn’t bother to stop it. She took in a deep breath, and let it go, trying to relax all of her muscles. A jet of piss travelled down her thighs, wetting her panties. Izzy pulled up the front of Grace’s skirt, trying to keep it dry as Grace began to empty her bladder. Aria watched as a wet spot formed on Grace’s white panties, still sitting in her own piss. Grace stared at the floor to try to forget that she was being watched, and she could see her urine soaking her sneakers and the white plush carpet. She flushed an impossibly bright red, but at that point couldn’t stop herself. She felt like she was deflating, sagging against Izzy’s chest in her relief. She didn’t care about it being weird or embarrassing anymore, the feeling of letting go was borderline euphoric, and she moaned and whined without restraint.

“There you go, doesn’t it feel so good to let go? Just keep pushing, you’re almost done, love.” Izzy purred. Her breath ghosted on Grace’s neck, Grace yelped. She didn’t bother to dissect what this meant for their friendship, too lost in her relief and need to care. It felt like she was pissing forever, lost in her ecstasy as she shamelessly pissed down her legs.

“Mhm, thank you Izzy.” Grace muttered between gasps, her stream rapidly slowing down. She took a moment to survey the damage. The carpet had stopped soaking her piss after some time, and just puddled on the surface, around her shoes. Her panties continued to drip on the floor, and it seemed that she had gotten a bit of pee on Izzy’s pant legs. She blushed and began to tear up in humiliation.

“Oh god Izzy, I’m so sorry, I made such a mess-” Grace babbled until Izzy shushed her.

“It’s okay, I keep a ton of extra clothes in here, I usually just wet my pants in here.” Izzy explained. Grace barked out a laugh through her tears at how bizarre the situation was. She stood in her own piss puddle, on a private jet, with the daughter of a respected CEO. That sounded like it was straight out of a weird nightmare.

“Are you sure it’s okay?” She asked. Izzy chuckled a bit.

“Yeah, that’s what we’ve always done.” Izzy looked at Aria to confirm, and Aria nodded.

*003*2023-10-14 03:05

{{On 9/27/2023 at 8:41 AM, LifeIsStrange said:

Good story but wish the text was white instead of black so it was easier to read.

}}

Thank you ! I’ll fix that for my next story, I’m still getting used to this site :))

